I used to shower with my bedroom door
open just a crack. For whatever dumb
reason, the tiny cramped apartment
bathroom that I've had to deal with for
the last 9 years or so loves to steam
and fog up, even with the water on warm
instead of hot. And since my crappy as
hell landlord refused to fix the ceiling
mounted fan, which would have ventilated
the room, along with the fact that it
caused the ancient off-white paint to
sweat and start developing mold patches,
something which he would have charged me
to clean, I made the decision to leave
the door open a bit to allow the steam
to escape.
For almost a decade, nothing out of the
ordinary happened, and I went about my
daily life. The habit became a routine.
It was until two months or so ago.
See, I was alone that day.
My roommate had gone out for the day to
take part in some bowling tournament,
and I had the run of the place for the
next 4 to 6 hours as it was my day off
from work. I decided to start it off
with a hot, long, relaxing shower. So, I
grabbed a fresh set of towels from the
small closet next to my bedroom, stepped
inside, and after turning on the water
to let it warm up.
I hopped in.
I just lthered the soap up in my hair
when I heard a noise come from just
outside.
It was almost masked by the sound of the
water splashing down on the floor of the
tub, but it was out of place enough that
I caught it.
Scrape.
It was similar to the sound that you'd
hear if you dragged long fingernails
down the wall.
I froze, the shampoo dripping down over
my face, making it difficult to see
anything.
The sound came again.
Great.
For a moment, the thought of someone
breaking in flashed through my mind. I
mean, after all, the neighborhood I live
in has the nickname of methire for a
reason. But if someone had broken a
window or forced the lock, I would have
heard it. The place isn't exactly big
enough to miss those sounds.
I finally opened my mouth. Tyler.
Instantly, the sound which had begun to
repeat a third time ceased.
The entire place had gone silent save
for the water.
I felt a small amount of annoyance zap
through me.
Tyler, this better not be another one of
your games, I thought as I hurriedly
washed the shampoo out of my hair. My
roommate had a habit of being a horror
junkie, into lighting and attempting to
play pranks on me, knowing that I had a
tendency to be a little jumpy. Without
shutting off the water, I reached out,
grabbed the towel off the rack, and
stepped out, wrapping it around my
waist. Tyler, I swear to God, if this is
another attempt to scare me, I'm going
to kick your ass, I called,
striding across the tiled floor and
yanking the door all the way open.
I looked around.
There was nobody in the living room or
the kitchen which opened off of it. I
glanced around and then just to ease my
mind, I walked first to my bedroom,
then to Tyler's looking in.
Both were empty,
and there wasn't exactly any place for
someone to quickly hide in either.
[Music]
Okay.
Must have been hearing things.
Shrugging my shoulders, I turned and
jumped back into the shower to finish
up.
That evening, when Tyler came back home
from celebrating a win with his bowling
team, apparently having blitched the
competition, I decided to question him
as we sat in the kitchen table eating
Chinese takeout.
"Uh, hey Ty," I asked casually,
glancing up from my chopsticks. Yeah. He
mumbled through a mouthful of his food,
causing me to roll my eyes at his lack
of manners.
You You didn't happen to come home
earlier today, did you?
He looked up at me, a slightly perplexed
expression on his face.
Um, no, man. I was at the alley until
3:00 and not drinking with the boys till
5. Why?
I searched his face.
The guy had a tendency to chew a little
too much when he was bullshitting. It
was a tell that I learned a spot of his
thanks to endless nights of playing
poker.
No reason, just um thought I'd heard
something while I was in the shower this
morning.
I looked at him, smirking sightly.
Thought you might have, you know, come
back to grab something he needed and
decided to try and pull one over on me
again.
He let out a huge burp in response, then
reached forward and grabbed his bottle
of Coke, tilting it back and taking a
swig. "No, man," he said simply, using
the back of his sleeve to wipe his lips.
"Besides, if I'd come back and tried to
scare you, you'd have known it." He let
out a laugh, attempting to imitate
Vincent Price. After a moment of
studying him, I shared it. "He was
clearly telling the truth."
Yeah, yeah, I guess you're right, bro. I
said, dropping my chopsticks into the
empty container and hawking it over my
shoulder into the trash can. He leaned
back and using his own empty container,
Fain being a basketball player and acted
like he was making a free throw. The
container bounced off the edge, making
us both laugh. I pushed what had to be a
trick of my mind out of my head, and the
two of us spent the rest of the night
playing video games and downing beers.
The next week went by without any
strange noises, and I almost completely
forgot about the strange incident. Ty
had gone out for the evening on a date,
and after binge watching all three
creature from the Black Lagoon movies, I
flicked the television off and headed
for the shower.
Hopping in, I softly hummed the Jane
Mansfield song, Too Hot to Handle, and
lthered myself up with soap. I just got
the shampoo in my hair when I heard the
scraping sound again.
This time it was a bit louder and I knew
it hadn't been my imagination either.
I became still as a statue,
my head under the water and blurred
between it and the shampoo slowly being
rinsed out of its own accord.
I held my breath
listening.
The sound came again. And this time,
instead of on the wall, scrape clearly
came from the door frame to the
bathroom.
I felt my heart thutting hard in my
chest, and my eyes widened as I saw a
shadow filter through the shower
curtain.
It was the shadow of the bathroom door,
slowly
opening.
I found my voice.
Who's out there?
I called, attempting to sound as tough
and authoritative as I could. Just like
last time, the moment I spoke up, all
the movement and sound ceased. The
apartment going silent.
This time, however, the air felt,
charged, as if the tension in it were
palpable enough to be cut with a knife.
I reached out, wrapping my fingers
around the edge of the curtain as I
grabbed the closest thing I could find
as a weapon. Bottle of shampoo. It was
pathetic and likely wouldn't phase any
intruder, but still better than nothing.
Taking a deep breath,
I wrenched the curtain back, the sound
of the hook scraping on the metal pole,
almost sounding like a scream in the
quiet.
Just like last time,
there was no sign of a soul.
The only thing that had given away
anything had changed was that the
bathroom door was indeed standing fully
open.
The darkened outline of the living room
beyond made me feel
uneasy.
I couldn't place why,
but it almost felt as if the gloom held
a threatening atmosphere.
Shutting off the water, I hopped out and
wrapped the towel around my waist.
Stepping to the doorway, I reached out
into the darkness and felt around until
my fingers found the light switch.
Instantly, the dark was banished away by
the bright light overhead.
I could see that nobody was in sight in
the living room. This time, however, I
wasn't taking any chances. Water still
dropping off of me, I stroed across the
living room to where I dropped the belt
I wore when on the job as a plumber. I
reached down and pulled a rather large
pipe wrench from it, gripping it with a
wet and admittedly slightly shaky hand.
The kitchen was clearly devoid of life,
and I focused my vision on the two
bedrooms, which laid dark.
My door was wide open, but Ties was half
closed. I glanced at the hook on the
wall, noticing his car keys weren't
hanging next to mine.
He's not home, which means
[__]
I felt my muscles tense up. I seriously
didn't want to deal with some homeless
junkie who'd somehow gotten himself
inside and was searching for something
to steal or or worse, waiting to attack
me in some drugfueled rage.
I forced myself to speak loudly and in
as tough of a voice as I could. Hey, I'm
warning you. If anyone's in here, I am
armed.
I didn't add the fact that it was a
wrench and not a gun. If you come out
and just leave, this will go a lot
easier.
Silence.
The only sound I could hear was a car
passing outside.
I called again. Look, I'm I'm in no mood
for this. So So come out. Get the hell
out of this place.
Still nothing.
But I felt an odd sensation.
One which caused the hairs on my arm to
stand up straight.
It was a feeling of being watched.
My eyes caught a flicker of movement. A
shadow seemed to draw back away from my
roommate's door. I knew right there and
then I should have called the cops, but
some dumb sense of bravado had come over
me, and I wanted to be like those tough
guys in older movies, taking care of
things themselves. "Okay, this is your
final warning," I called.
After about 20 seconds of more silence,
I drew in a deep breath, raised the
wrench as high over my head as I could
and letting out a bellowed yell that was
more Tarzan than Clint Eastwood, charged
the bedroom door as if I was
simultaneously a football linebacker and
an Olympic torch carrier, I burst into
the room, the door smashing into the
wall behind it with a sickening crunch
of plaster breaking. I shot my free arm
out and wrenched the light switch up.
The room was empty.
ties scattered clothes, records, and
game cases lay thrown about the floor
like always.
I looked around
the closet.
Each of us had a small walk-in closet on
the far wall. Taking another deep breath
and still holding the wrench above my
head like a caveman's club, I stroed to
the sliding door and grabbed the handle,
yanking it open with a scream of protest
from its track.
I forced aside the clothes hanging on
the rack.
Nothing.
As I stared at the back wall, the
feeling of being stared at came again.
This time from almost directly behind
me. I swear I could actually feel
someone
something breathing down my neck.
Moving on pure instinct, I pivoted
around and swung the wrench with all the
strength I had.
Yet nothing.
There was nobody behind me.
The actual hell is going on here.
As I stood there feeling as though
something had been behind me and had
simply dematerialized out of existence
when I turned and swung, I heard the
sound of a key in the front door and
then the laughs of Ty and what had to be
his date as they stepped inside. "I'm
telling you, you did great at darts,
babe," Ty exclaimed. Both of them
stopped and stared at me as they reached
his bedroom door.
I know I must have looked weird standing
in his room wearing only a towel and
holding a wrench.
After a moment of silence, he spoke.
Jimmy boy, what the hell are you doing?
I blinked a few times trying to find my
voice.
Finally, I spoke. "I swear I heard
someone in here, man," I said, my voice
trailing off slightly.
I saw the two of them exchange nervous
looks.
What do you mean, dude? He asked, his
eyes looking around.
I mean, I heard the exact same sound as
last time. Only this time, the bathroom
door swung open. I came out. I thought I
heard someone moving around in your
room. I came in here, I replied, feeling
confused and embarrassed. I could tell
he believed that I'd heard something. To
ease my worries, he had his date sit in
the room, and together we swept the
place, looking in every closet under
both beds. But
you found no trace of anyone.
I shook my head as he prepared to go
into his room.
I don't get it, I muttered.
He patted me on the shoulder. I think
the bathroom door must just be a bit
loose on his hinges.
He said, trying to reassure me. I'll
check it out in the morning.
Go dry yourself off, you know. Uh, get
some sleep. He punched me lightly in the
arm. Hey, no more scary movies late at
night for you. Okay, you're starting to
hear things go bump in the night for
real. You let out a laugh, one which I
mirrored, but
I didn't feel.
The feeling of eyes on me had vanished,
but the apartment still held an uneasy
atmosphere.
It remained as I dried off, dressed into
a pair of pajama bottoms, and climbed
into bed.
I could hear Tai in the next room doing
exactly what I figured he'd be doing
with his date, and I rolled my eyes.
Hearing that [__] gets old after a
while. Still, I reached out, grabbed the
remote, flicked on the small TV on my
bureau to block out the noise. It took a
very long time to drift off to sleep
that night. When I did, my dreams
nightmares actually
were of a dark shadowy figure
creeping slowly towards my bathroom
door.
The sounds of the shower spilling out
from it.
As it reached out to push open the door,
I snapped awake, sitting straight up in
bed with a sheen of sweat covering my
body.
For the next two weeks,
I tried as much as possible not to stay
alone in that place.
I only showered when I could hear my
roommate moving around in his room or
out in the living room. Whenever I knew
Tai was going out for any reason, I'd
either find an excuse to join him or
just go out and do something in town.
The sense of being watched hadn't
returned after that night, but I wasn't
taking any chances. Something about the
place just felt like it had it had
changed.
something almost imperceptible which I
couldn't nail down but it seemed to do
the trick as nothing weird or creepy
happened
then
one day as I was sitting in a cafe
sipping coffee my phone rang.
I pulled it out of my pocket and saw it
was my boss calling. Great my day off. I
thought exasperated. Then I hit the
button to answer it. Yeah.
Instantly, I heard the gruff voice of
Rick, my boss, on the other end, yelling
to someone else. "No, no, no, Steven.
How many times do I have to tell you?"
counterclockwise. His voice got louder,
indicating he must have lifted the phone
back to his ear. "James, you there?"
"Uh, yeah," I replied simply. He let out
a sigh. "Look, I know it's your day off,
but we're over here at the Banaman
property, and two of the pipes burst."
He let out a long groan of frustration.
"One of them's real bad. I'm able to get
one of them fixed, but our new employee,
his voice took an undisguised tone of
disgust. Decided to make it worse by
[__] the pipe up," he finished,
letting a moment of silence spread out
before speaking again. "So, I apologize,
but I need you to come in. You'll get
paid overtime, of course." I nodded more
to myself than anything, then let out a
side of my own. "Yeah, okay. I'll be
in."
So, let me swing by my place, pick up my
tools.
Yeah, don't forget to quickly hit the
shower before coming over.
He quickly added. You know, old
Bannerman gets pissy about anyone not
being freshly clean coming in here, he
snorted.
I'll never understand, germaphobes.
Anyway, I'll expect you to be here in 30
minutes.
And with that, he hung up before I could
say anything. Not that I could. Anyways,
at the mention of a shower, I felt my
body tense up. I knew Ty was out. His
bowling team was currently hosting a
tournament the next town over, which
would mean that I'd have to shower in
the empty apartment.
And that's something I really did not
want to do,
that I didn't have a choice.
If I just grab my tools and slipped into
my jumpsuit, I get chewed out first by
old man Bannerman and then Rick for not
following orders set down by both of
them after being contracted to repair
and replace the pipes of this huge
sprawling mansion.
Sighing, I paid for my coffee and I
drove back to the apartment. When I
opened the door, I had a momentary flash
of panic. I thought the atmosphere I'd
sensed before would return as soon as I
stepped inside, but
the apartment felt normal. the cloudy
light filtering in through the halfopen
kitchen and living room blinds. I looked
around
and shook my head. Stop being such a
baby, Jimmy. There's nothing in here.
Nothing except you. It'll be fine. Let's
take a shower and book it. Feeling
determined, I strode across to my room,
gathering my undershirt and jumpsuit.
For peace of mind, I also grabbed the
same wrench that I held that night from
the belt hanging over the arm of the
couch, and I carried it into the
bathroom with me, placing it on top of
the pile of clothes sitting on the
toilet.
For a moment, I debated on just closing
the bathroom door, but
as before, shook it away and left it a
jar.
Ty should have fixed the hinges by now.
Anyway,
I reached into the shower and turned the
water on, waiting for it to warm up.
After I saw the steam begin to rise from
over the curtain, I stepped inside,
grabbing the bar of soap and quickly
beginning to lather myself up. I rinsed
with no problems, then grabbed the
shampoo and lthered my hair. And as I
dug my fingers into my scalp, the soap
began to drip down into my eyes,
obscuring my vision.
That's when I heard the scraping sound
again.
Only this time, it was much louder and
more pronounced than any time I had
heard it before.
I felt a chill run up my spine. Despite
the hot water, it came again just
outside the bathroom door. I took a deep
breath. "Tyler," I called out, thinking
the sound would stop it as it had
before.
This time, however,
it didn't.
Instead, I heard it get louder, sounding
almost as if it were being done on the
bathroom door itself. I felt my breath
catch in my throat as I saw the dark
shape of the door swing open. And then
the bathroom lights
flick off,
plunging me in the darkness.
There was still a little light
flickering in from the living room, but
everything was now shrouded in gloom.
What the [__]
My heart was thundering in my chest as I
slowly stepped back. I knew the distance
from the edge of the tub to where my
wrench lay on the toilet lid was less
than 2 ft. I could reach out and snatch
it in a heartbeat.
The scraping came again, the sound
causing my ears to begin ringing softly.
It came from inside the bathroom
somewhere and near the door and then it
stopped entirely.
Aside from the sound of the water
running, the apartment fell silent.
Not a deadly silent, not a tensionfilled
silence, just
silent.
I stared for the longest time.
It had to be only about 15 seconds, but
what felt like 2 hours at the dim
outline of the open door, I saw nothing.
I turned to pull the curtain next to me
back.
I felt my heart stop. The dark outline
of a figure stood almost directly on the
other side of the curtain,
less than a foot from me. If it had been
any closer, it would have pressed into
the curtain itself.
It stood completely motionless,
though I could tell it was looking in my
direction from the feeling washing over
me in waves,
sending a tsunami of fear through me.
I couldn't tell whether it was a man or
a woman. The opaque curtain masked its
features. My breath came out in a ragged
gasp, and I involuntarily let out a
whisper of,
"Oh, fuck."
And that's when it lunged at me. It let
out a loud scream as the curtain pressed
in against its weight, wrapping around
it, and subsequently me as I saw arms
reaching out to grab me. The momentum of
it smashing into me caused me to slip on
the shower floor, and I went flying
backwards. My head smashed into the
faucet, causing me to let out an
involuntary cry of pain and stars to
flash in my vision as I fell to the
floor of the tub.
It was still there. I could feel it on
top of me, pinning me down, but it never
let out a single noise. Something sharp
jabbed into my leg, and I let out a howl
at the explosion of pain that came from
my thigh. Another pierced my shoulder,
and I kicked out of the figure that was
inches from my face. I felt it connect
with something, but it it seemed to have
no effect. Another stab of pain came
from my shoulder at whatever it was
using, a weapon or claws, jammed into
the wound that it had already made. I
kept screaming, praying one of my
neighbors might hear the commotion as I
thrashed around, trying to wedge myself
into a position where I could reach out.
I heard furious knocking coming from the
front door, but the noise sounded like
it was a mile away. Help me, I screamed
as loudly as I could, still feudally
lashing out. Just as I began to feel
woozy from the blood loss, I felt my
hand brush the edge of the toilet seat.
with it the cold metal handle of my
wrench. Grabbing it, I swung out with
all of my remaining strength, aiming for
the head of my attacker, and feeling it
connect with something. It seemed to
stumble a bit at the blow. Then I used
that precious second to wrench myself
out from underneath it, tumbling over
the edge of the tub and onto the floor.
I heard it thrashing about with a shower
curtain, furiously tearing at it in an
attempt to get to me, but I was
stumbling to my feet, noting as I did
the amount of blood falling to the
floor. I struggled to the front door as
I heard it finally break free, crashing
into the bathroom floor,
but still remaining silent. I unlocked
the door and tore it open, revealing the
concerned faces of my next door
neighbor. When he saw my condition, his
face pald before I had a chance to say
anything, I yelled, adrenaline kicking
the pain and blood loss from dropping me
of being attacked. It's in there.
Pointing back towards the bathroom,
grabbing me, he pulled me into his open
apartment door, slamming it closed and
locking it. He quickly brought me a
bathrobe and bandages, attempting to
stop the bleeding as he called the
police. As he did, I could hear the
sounds of it tearing through the
apartment, doing God only knows what.
The commotion continued until I heard
the whale of sirens coming down the
road, at which point,
at which point I heard my apartment fall
silent.
Few moments later, I heard the
thundering of footsteps pounding up the
stairs to the second floor, followed by
the yell officers.
After a few moments, my neighbor and I
heard the knocking at his door. Police.
I was helped to an ambulance where I was
taken to the hospital. In addition to
splitting open my scalp on the faucet.
I'd been cut up pretty bad, though by
what the doctors couldn't tell me. They
couldn't even tell themselves. It's the
damnest thing. One told me after I'd
woken up after the surgery.
If it hadn't been for the fact that
you'd seen a person, I would have said
you were attacked by an animal. Looked
like puncture wounds from claws.
The police never found a trace of what
had attacked me. I already knew they
wouldn't. It wasn't a man who attacked
me. It hadn't even been human.
The case is still open to this day,
though. I've long since stopped getting
updates from the detectives in charge of
the case.
Tyler and I moved out of the apartment
as soon as I left the hospital. He chose
to stay at his new girlfriend's house
while I recovered.
He was under the belief that I was
attacked by an intruder, as is everyone
else. I parrot that line whenever anyone
asks about it. It's just it's easier
that way. You know, I'm trying to
explain what I know won't be believed.
And that's why I'm posting this here.
I just I feel like
there's a need to tell someone what
actually happened that day.
It's a place I know it'll be believed or
at least
at least I won't be called nuts.
I figure simply appeared on the other
side of the curtain. I never saw it
cross the room and I know even in the
dark I would have. But even then
nothing human could possibly have been
that silent.
I also know that
someone else moved into that apartment
since though I don't know who they are.
I pray they won't ever receive a visit
from whatever that thing was. Tyler and
I are now renting a nice, relatively
cheap two-bedroom house a few miles away
from that place, and I've never felt the
sensation of being watched again.
I've
I've thankfully never heard the scraping
sound return. At least not in my waking
hours.
I mean, I still hear them in my dreams,
though. I still see that shape standing
just on the other side of the curtain in
the dark.
It'll likely stay there until the day
I'm on my deathbed.
I always
I always feel tense now.
When I step into the bathroom to wash
myself,
I thankfully always felt safe.
I don't shower with the door jar. No,
not anymore. I make sure it's firmly
closed and locked before I undress and I
hop in.
Like I said, I've always felt safe in my
new place, but I'm not taking any
chances
because I don't know if it's trapped in
that apartment
or if
if it can leave whenever it wants.
It was about this pink thing, you know,
like your typical kid show where random
stuff happens just to teach a lesson or
moral or sometimes the the characters
just act silly for a few minutes.
I remember one episode where it did the
laundry even though Slety doesn't wear
clothes, another where it looked for
food, and one where it played hideand
seek. I mean, you get the idea. That's
the kind of show it was, but badly made.
Even as a kid, I had the feeling it was
off. Not different and cool, just just
cheap. And trust me, my critical
thinking back then was garbage. I
watched anything that was on. Few days
ago, I found some old VHS tapes from
when I was a kid, and among them were a
few [__] episodes. It seemed
impossible, you know, but they're even
worse than I remembered. In some parts,
you can literally see the cardboard and
even someone's hand moving the puppets.
But the most disturbing part is the plot
lines. There's something off about them.
Things happen that if you stop to think
about it, are seriously unsettling.
Maybe because it was a kid show, no one
ever paid close attention or stopped to
look for any hidden meaning. The reason
I'm sharing all of this is because
well,
because I'm scared.
If anyone remembers anything or has
information, please just share it with
me cuz I need to know I'm wrong.
Let me explain.
Maybe I'm just being paranoid, but there
was this one episode with a shark
character. He he ends up drowning.
Around the same time this episode aired,
I remembered a very well-known news
story about a boy around my age who
drowned. And in the photo for the
article, he was wearing a a shark
t-shirt. Another episode shows a
character hiding in a well during a game
of hide-and-seek. And they they never
found him. That episode aired around the
same time a real boy fell into a well. I
mean,
you see where I'm going with this?
I also found an episode where an orange
flower dies. And in my neighborhood,
there was this little girl loved Slety,
right? Her mom used to call her little
orange flower. And as you can probably
guess,
she disappears.
That exact episode, it's been
re-uploaded online. I'm going to post a
bit of it here.
It's missing a few parts. Quality is
terrible.
It's the best I found.
I don't know how to digitize my VHS
tapes. So, if someone can help, I I do
plan to upload them. But back to what's
really bothering me. There's There's
this episode that feels,
I don't know, personal.
I have a pretty unusual last name,
Velcro.
And in a [__] episode, there's a
family with that same last name. The
father loses his job. They have no
money. Slighty shows up, helps him by
taking one of the children away. so the
rest of the family can survive until
things get better.
Now, guess who almost got kidnapped as a
child?
Shortly after his father lost his job.
Yeah, exactly.
That was over 20 years ago. I shouldn't
still be thinking about it. If there if
there really were some lunatics making
this low-budget show and then targeting
kids, it was it was ages ago.
There shouldn't be any link to me
whatsoever. I I didn't even remember the
show until a few days ago. But
while I was going over the tapes, my
young son saw the last episode and said,
"That character looks like you, Dad."
He was pointing at the father character,
Mr. Velcro, in the show.
And today,
the day I got fired,
I mean, I know I'm being paranoid, but
now
now I'm scared.
I'm scared one of these coincidences
might happen again.
I'm what you would call a savant.
Numbers appear like shapes to me. Like
for instance,
if you were to ask me, what is a square
root of 3365?
I would immediately picture 3365
as some sort of three-dimensional
hovering pyramid. By studying its shape
and even its pale pink color, I can
almost immediately tell the<unk> of 3365
is 58.009.
The math, it just it just clicks into
place.
It's really hard for me to explain, but
I can use my imagination shapes to
process almost any equation.
I've always been able to. The mental
talent of mind is what's landed me my
many scholarships biaries. I'm even on
track for a pretty cushy tenure position
at a university.
Life's been pretty generous overall as a
result.
And I wish it could have stayed that
way.
But then I had the car accident and my
ever useful imaginary shapes
became
something more
awful.
I was driving back from Seattle feeling
smug about my speech at a large college.
I felt like I had effectively disproven
Galileo's theory of polomial equations
in a room full of the country's top
mathematicians.
And then
my car flipped over just like that.
Car accident. Never saw it coming.
Don't remember it to this day.
I woke up in the hospital with my legs
and back in horrific pain. A nurse must
have noticed my movement because the
next thing I knew, a doctor came up and
asked me how I was doing.
All I could manage was a moan.
Doctor nodded and um
asked if I could count to 10. I pursed
my lips at my quivering best.
One,
two, two,
three.
When I reached four, I noticed a
translucent pyramid forming in the
corner of my eye.
It was It was really strange, like one
of my imaginary shapes, except it had
appeared all on its own.
The ghostly pyramid began to spin,
approaching me slowly.
The doctor nodded, jotting something
down, and then the triangular shape
drifted closer and closer. I could
practically hear the pyramid whirling by
my bedside,
hearing the imaginary shapes. Now, that
was new.
I squeezed my eyes shut
and groaned through my teeth.
Understandable, the doctor said. They'll
give you something for the pain.
When I opened my eyes,
the pyramid was gone. Over
the next few weeks, as I recovered in
the hospital, whenever anyone mentioned
any sort of number in any way, the
shapes would appear
all on their own.
It wasn't a pyramid. Sometimes it was
was cubes. It was cylinders,
triangular prisms.
They would all hover in front of my eyes
like tiny floaters you might see on your
eyeballs staring up at the sun.
Except they weren't floaters.
They're more like 3D holograms that only
I could see.
I asked the doctor if I had some kind of
brain trauma, some something that could
give me hallucinations.
But they said not to worry.
Our minds often produce little stars and
optical artifacts after a hard bonk on
the head. Should all fade away in less
than 6 months.
6 months came and went.
It got worse.
The shapes began to group together.
One long rectangular prism would form a
a brow and then oblique spheroid would
form a mouth. Two small shimmering
diamonds would form eyes. That's right.
The shapes they started making a face. I
was actually having lunch with the
university's dean, explaining just how
ready I was to return to the workplace
when I first saw the horrifying face
thing.
It assembled itself and hovered right
next to the dean's head.
I'm sorry you've had to reduce your
salary, but it's all probationary. I
hope you understand. It won't affect
your 403b plans unless David.
Hello, you with me?
The shapes all furrowed, resulting in a
very demonic expression. Two cones
appeared and acted as horns.
David,
what is it? I clutched my eyes shut and
breathed through my palms.
Only after a minute of blinding myself
did the faceling disappear.
Are you all right?
Strong metallic taste filled my mouth. I
pushed away from the dean's desk and
threw up. After several awkward minutes
and apologizing profusely, I explained
that it must have been my concussion
acting up. The dean nodded with a
resigned frown. Right. Right.
Let's give it some more time.
But time
time only made things worse.
Not long after, in the middle of the
night, I was awoken by the sound of a
windchime. Delicate, ephemeral
windchimes.
A dark shadow crossed behind in my
dresser, and I recognized
that same hovering facel. The eyes were
gleaming.
It inched out, warping its ovoid mouth
as if to mimic the shapes of talking.
The voice was the most sterile synthetic
tone I'd ever heard. as if a computer
had mimicked the voice of another
computer which had been mimicking the
voice of another computer which had been
mimicking the voice of another computer
at infinitum.
Show me. The words came warbling.
I sprung up in a cold sweat. What?
Show me.
I closed my eyes, stuffed in my AirPods
with white noise on full blast. It was
the only way to ignore the voices that
that weren't really there.
I thought all these shapes had to just
be in my head, right? But since I was a
child, my trick for falling asleep was
to count sheep. So So that's what I did.
1 2 3. The adorable cartoon sheep in my
mind's eye began to morph. Their wool
shredded out into long strands of barbed
wire. shimmering angular wire that
lengthened with each number I counted.
After eight,
I stopped counting. The barb wire
collapsed and coiled around the bleeding
mammals soft flesh. I could hear the
shrieks of death. No.
I threw off the covers and stood up in
my room.
The translucent faceling hovered with an
evil smile above my bed. Get the [__]
away. Get the [__] out of my head.
The faceling opened its mouth and I
could see new barbed wires floating out
of its throat, undulating like little
snakes.
I ran out of my house. The rest of the
night was spent walking around the
university grounds until the cafe
opened.
Insomnia
became my new friend.
I didn't know how to make the visual
hallucinations go away. All I knew was
that if I interacted with numbers, like
if I heard them,
say them,
especially counted them.
The faceling became worse.
Paying all my hospital bills resulted in
giving the faceling a torso.
Filing away all my old math work gave
the faceling long insectlike arms.
Dialing the number for the psychiatrist
gave it a long tubular tail.
I've had many sessions with my shrink
now. Draining what little was left of my
bank account to try and rewire my head
to stop seeing this horrible nightmare.
Just embrace it. My shrine finally said,
"Embrace it. You tried everything to
make it go away. Why don't you listen to
what it wants?" "What do you mean?
It could be your subconscious trying to
purge something. If you just let it run
its course, it could finally leave you
alone."
I thought about what the faceling
wanted.
All it ever said was, "Show me." which
never made any sense because what could
I possibly have to show?
Can you draw it? My shrink asked at the
end of my session. Maybe if I could see
what you're seeing, I could be more of
use.
And then everything fell into place.
It wanted to show itself. The faceling
wanted to be presented. It was saying,
"Show me."
I drew some rough sketches of a snake
creature with a demon face, bug legs.
The psychiatrist admitted that it looked
pretty unsettling,
but she and I both knew an amateur
drawing wasn't its true form. No, its
true form was what all of its body parts
created when added together.
What all the math counted up to
the equation.
My connection with the university is
tenuous at best. As my mathematical
brilliance had not quite returned to its
previous state, the faculty was not
exactly excited to have me back. But
when I told them that I had a
breakthrough, that I discovered a
formula to end all formulas. They let me
have a guest lecture at the STEM hall.
A couple curious students trickled in
for my lecture. Some of the old
professors sat in the back.
I explained that I would reveal my
theory once I had written it all down on
the whiteboard behind me. It would make
better sense that way.
No sooner had I finished talking when
the demon face crawled up a few feet
away from me. The awful thing had grown
into a monstrous 10-ft scorpion
with a curved pyramidal stinger.
It was hard not to shudder.
From the sight of it, I stood my ground.
I'm not afraid of you, I said to myself.
The faceling didn't look threatened. In
fact, it appeared overjoyed because it
knew what I was doing.
He calmly glanced at its colors and
angles. It wrote the measurements on the
whiteboard.
73.46
was the square root of its spine.
406 was the surface area of its claws.
9.12
was the diameter of its fangs. The
numbers grouped in a formula that felt
as natural as the golden ratio. Except
instead of eliciting the feeling of
completeness or beauty,
I started feeling sick to my stomach.
What is it? One of the professors asked
from the back. Is this related to
Galileo's theorem? I continued to write
without stopping. I was in a flow state
and there was no room for second
guesses. I heard gagging from the back.
A few students were feeling sick.
David, what are these numbers? Bring us
up to speed here. But I couldn't stop.
My hand kept writing even though the
audience behind me started to writhe and
vomit. I I didn't look back for any
glances. The math had to be written out.
Are Are you bleeding, David? Your eyes.
What's happening to your eyes?
Warm, prickling liquid poured out from
my tear ducts. I could see large red
stains on my shirt. It wasn't tears. I
squinted and gritted through the pain.
The fiery heat in my vision was
relentless, but I had to push forward.
For the love of God, David, what is
this? They're passing out. The students,
David, stop.
I added brackets, exponents, couple
Greek letters. I was channeling all the
numbers from the faceling I could grasp.
I understood them perfectly. On the very
last line, my formula came to a close.
Omega
equ= delta 4 * 23.66
6.
David, what is the meaning of this?
What is this equation?
I wiped the blood from my eyes and
cleared my throat.
The lecture was filled with worried
expressions and nausea.
It's a mathematical representation
for what?
I didn't know how else to put it, so
I just slipped out the word.
Evil.
There came the screeching of a thousand
slaughtered lambs.
Everyone's jaw dropped. The massive
scorpion facel which had been
translucent this entire time suddenly
became opaque.
Everyone could see what I saw.
Jesus Christ, what in the world is that?
And like a tornado of violent shapes,
the faceling lunged forward and gored
the front row of attendees. Anyone who
tried to run was skewered by its pyramid
stinger.
I froze in awe, stupified by what I had
wrought. The face scared across the
seats and punctured every supple neck I
could find. I watched as it gripped the
shoulders of the oldest professor I had
known and then bit its head clean off.
Blood spattered across the mahogany
steps.
Bodies crumbled to the floor. When the
demon had finished its massacre, the
face shapes reconfigured into a knowing
smile.
I've been shown,
it said. Then, as if struck by a breeze,
all the triangles, pyramids, and cubes
comprising the creature broke apart.
They shot past me through the window on
my left. Glass shattered, and I watched
as the raw arithmetic drifted out into
the sky.
The shapes had soared out like a storm
of hail.
Though the university was on lockdown
for weeks after the occurrence,
the incident to this day has never been
released to the public. Six students and
three professors had been killed by
something the authorities internally
called a disastrous force. Though
outwardly they just called this a
shooting.
I pretended I too had passed out. I had
no explanation for what happened.
But I know what I did.
I'd removed the equation from my mind
and I'd spilled it out into the world.
Like a useful fool,
I had inadvertently spread this evil.
I posted this here so that others could
be warned.
If anyone encounters a strange set of
numbers on a calculator, a spreadsheet
that feels off, or a a rogue pyramid
spinning out in the middle of your
vision, let me know.
Whatever this entity is, it thrives on
digits. It thrives on math. It wants to
use arithmetic to spread itself and
wreak untold havoc.
Whatever you do, don't interact with it.
Don't look at it. Don't listen to it.
And for God's sake, if you think
something is wrong, if you had a car
accident, you see shapes, do not count
to 10.
It only makes it worse.
When my daughter Emma died in 2009,
I thought the worst pain was over.
I was wrong.
She was only 10.
Hit by a drunk driver while riding her
bike in front of our house. I don't need
to describe the hell that followed. I
mean, if if you lost a child, you
already know it. If you haven't, then
thank whatever god you believe in.
[Music]
The first voicemail
came on what would have been her
24th birthday.
It was 3:16 a.m. and my phone buzzed. I
was already awake. Insomnia has been on
my shadow since we buried her. I I
recognized the number instantly. It was
hers. We kept her phone plan going for a
while after her death. just to hear her
voice on the voicemail.
Eventually, we canled it. Or
I I thought we did.
The message was only a few seconds long,
Dad.
And then static.
I sat up in my bed. Not a glitchy AI
sound, not some kind of kid playing a
prank. That was Emma, soft and confused,
just like she used to sound when she
woke up from a nightmare.
I didn't sleep the rest of that night. I
I didn't tell anyone.
The next night, it happened again.
Dad,
are you still mad at me?
Static,
then silence.
I stopped checking the messages for a
few days, thinking if I didn't listen,
it would stop.
But it didn't. They came every night at
3:16 a.m. exactly. Always from her old
number, always her voice. I finally gave
in and listened to all of them.
Some of them were whispers that I
couldn't make out. Some were just
Some were just sobbing.
One night, she said,
"I'm cold.
It's so dark here.
I took the phone to the police.
The officer was sympathetic but firm.
Probably a scam. Maybe some kind of sick
hacking.
Said that they'd look into it.
They never called me back.
I contacted the phone company. Their
number had been reassigned to a teenager
in Wisconsin. I spoke to his mother. She
said he hadn't used the phone in months.
He lost it.
Around the same time the voicemail
started.
My therapist told me it was grief,
unresolved trauma, that my brain was
just playing tricks on me. But here's
the thing.
Emma said something in her last
voicemail that shattered any doubt.
It was June 3rd,
the anniversary of her death,
and the message was longer this time.
Dad,
I saw you by the bike. I tried to yell.
I waved.
You looked right through me.
Now, pause. And
why did you pretend you couldn't see me?
[Music]
I hadn't told anyone. I visited the
exact spot that day. Not my sister, not
my ex-wife, no one.
And I did think I saw something. I
a flicker in the corner of my eye, a
small figure in a blue jacket, the same
one that she was wearing that day. But
when I turned, nothing was there.
I told myself it was my imagination.
Then came the final message two nights
ago.
It was different. It was louder. More
alive.
Daddy, I'm not supposed to talk to you
anymore.
He's getting mad.
Static.
Static crackled like fire. And then I
heard a new voice. Not Emma's. It was
deep and slow and and wrong. And it it
said, "Stop looking.
You'll see us soon enough.
and the line went dead.
I smashed the phone.
Yesterday, I got a new number, new
provider, burned the old SIM, brand new
phone, and still tonight at exactly 3:16
a.m. the phone buzzed.
One new voicemail
from Emma.
[Music]
It's been four nights.
I thought sharing this might help. I
don't know.
Maybe if I released it somehow, maybe
give it shape, maybe that would make it
stop.
It didn't. The voicemails still come
every single night. 3:16 a.m. Not a
minute before, not a minute after. I I
used to bolt upright when it happened.
Heart in my throat, breath caught. And
now I just lie there and I wait for the
buzz like a like a ritual.
I don't listen anymore. Not all the way
through. I just let them pile up in my
inbox, collecting like dust in a
forgotten room.
But last night, I couldn't ignore it.
It started with Emma's voice again,
soft, wavering the way that she used to
sound when she when she she was trying
to be brave, but needed me. "I'm scared,
Daddy," she said. "He's getting closer.
I can't hide here much longer."
And then static sharp and sudden, it
hurt my ears through a speaker. And then
something I couldn't quite catch. A
whisper slurred or maybe layered over
itself like multiple voices saying the
same thing out of sync.
Then then I heard it.
A clicking like fingernails tapping
glass. A slow deliberate rhythm. One,
two, pause. One, two, three.
I didn't recognize the pattern, but it
felt
intentional, like something trying to
signal or get my attention. And then I
it just
stopped,
dead silence.
I didn't I didn't sleep. I I couldn't. I
waited for dawn like it was a promise.
This morning, I checked the house. Every
window had scratches, thin, fine marks,
like something sharp had traced lines
across the glass. Some of them were so
high up I needed a stepladder just to
get a closer look. I mean, I live alone.
I have no pets, no trees brushing the
house. No explanation. And then out
front in the grass near the road.
That road,
I saw something caught on a low branch
by the ditch where the accident
happened.
It was a piece of fabric,
blue,
faded denim,
torn in a pattern I knew too well. I ran
inside. I climbed into the attic, yanked
the old sealed storage box down with
shaking hands.
Her jacket, the one she wore the day she
died, it was still inside. I I kept it
for the smell, the memory.
It zipped in a vacuum bag, untouched
since the funeral. And I opened it just
to be sure.
The tear in the shoulder
matched exactly
the one outside. It looked It looked
new, like it had just been ripped. No
dirt, no weathering, no fading from
sunlight, not even not even dew. Fresh.
It was fresh, clean fabric. This was the
moment I stopped pretending I could
logic my way through this. Tonight,
actually, just an hour ago,
something changed.
It wasn't a voicemail.
It was a text from her number.
Just two words.
Come outside.
No punctuation, no context, ju just
that.
And I won't lie. I stood there with my
phone in my hand for what felt like
forever. My thumb hovering over the
screen like I was going to reply. My
heart wasn't racing. I wasn't panicking.
There was something worse. That warmth,
that
aching
familiarity.
It felt like her.
It felt like those nights she used to
crawl into bed after a nightmare curled
against my chest. Her breath slow and
even as she drifted back to sleep, I
could almost feel
her weight
again, like her little hand tangled in
my shirt.
I almost opened the door. My hand, it
was on the knob when a phrase someone
had commented came back to me like a
jolt of cold water.
If she ever asks you to go somewhere,
don't.
I stopped.
I turned off the porch light. I waited.
And then
and then I looked
just a quick glance through the curtain,
but I saw something at the edge of my
driveway. Small, still dressed in a blue
jacket. her size, her shape,
but too still
like
like a photo standing upright in the
dark.
I blinked.
It was gone.
No sound, no movement, just the soft hum
of the street light overhead and the
sudden certainty that something out
there knew I was watching.
I don't know what this is anymore. I
don't know if it's my daughter or
something that remembers her better than
I do, but I do know this.
It wants to be let in and it doesn't
want to be ignored.
I'll update again if I'm still here.
I didn't sleep last night.
I don't really know why. There was no
buzzing at 3:16 a.m. No voicemail, no
message, nothing at all. You'd think I'd
feel relief, but instead I I felt
hollow,
like something was missing. Worst
waiting.
I sat in bed, phone in my hand, screen
lit. Nothing, nothing came. No
notification, no blocked number, no
whisper of her voice. Just the glow of
the lock screen and the steady tick of
the clock beside my bed.
And yet
the dread didn't go away.
This morning when I stepped out onto the
porch, I found something on the doormat.
A single Polaroid photo, no envelope, no
note,
no sign that anyone had been near the
house. just
just the photo.
I stared at it for a long time before I
picked it up.
Something about it made my stomach twist
like like I already knew what would be
on it. Like I already seen it before.
Maybe in a dream that I'd forgotten or a
memory I never wanted to have.
There was a picture of Emma's bike.
The one she was riding when she died,
except the photo wasn't old. It
wasn't from that day. I know because the
grass in the background still had the
bear patches. I receded just a few weeks
ago. My my neighbor's car is in the
driveway. The garbage bins tipped the
same way it was yesterday morning when
the wind knocked it over it.
It was recent.
The bike was propped on its kickstand at
the edge of the road right where the
accident happened.
The back wheel was bent. The seat was
torn exactly as I remember it after the
crash. But we don't
we don't have that bike anymore.
We buried it along with her. I checked
the spot. There's nothing there. No tire
tracks, no bike, no photo prints
anywhere else.
Just grass and silence and the faint
smell of rain that never came
inside. I set the photo on the table and
stared at it for hours. I couldn't
couldn't touch it again. and my fingers
itched to flip it, but I was scared of
what might be there. And finally,
finally, I did.
The back was blank except for two words
written faintly in pencil, not printed.
They were written
and they were written in her
handwriting.
I
remember
that that broke something in me. I don't
know if I'm supposed to remember
something or she does. Something I
buried deeper than her jacket or the
sealed boxes in the attic. Something I
don't I I don't want pulled into the
light.
I want to believe it's her so badly it
hurts. But
a memory doesn't doesn't knock on your
door. It doesn't whisper through phone
lines. It doesn't dig up a rusted bike
and pose it like an offering.
And tonight, at exactly 3:16 a.m., my
phone buzzed again,
not a voicemail,
a FaceTime
from her number.
And for one second, just before I
declined it, the thumbnail preview
showed something,
something from behind me,
something
smiling.
To whoever's reading this, you you
probably don't know who I am,
but
I'm sorry for what I've done to you.
This will probably never make it to the
public, but my guilt is eating away at
me, and I feel like I'm all out of
options.
The least I could do is get this out
there so that maybe
hopefully
someone reads this and more unlikely
takes this seriously.
That way I'm not one of the few who know
just how bad we messed up and what we've
done to the world.
I'm sure this will read like some nut
jobs manifesto, but please hear me out.
I think I've helped link our world to
something else out there. And
if humanity isn't careful, we're going
to open a door and invite something to
Earth that I'm pretty sure will end us
in the blink of an eye.
I I know that's a lot. So,
let me backtrack.
I was an archaeologist and a damn fine
one if I do say so myself. I specialized
in decoding ancient writing. I probably
helped with translating most of the more
popular ancient texts out there from
Sumerian to Greek to Egyptian. So when I
get a call from a small specialized team
off in Egypt about wanting some text
translated on a door in a recently
uncovered tomb, I don't bat an eye and I
just book it to the next flight. I keep
a diary of my findings. I keep it
hidden. So, the guys that got me
quarantined haven't taken it.
It's funny, you know. I
I can read the words.
I I understand what they mean
individually, but I can't piece together
my own writing. It's like
It's like my mind immediately forgets
whatever it is that I read.
It's got to be an effect of the tomb.
But in any case, I've decided to
painstakingly word by word transcribe my
diary here.
Hopefully you can make sense of it.
Day one.
You'd think that after spending days in
sand swept dunes or remote ancient
locations, you get tired of it. But but
here I am writing from a tent just
outside of a recently excavated tomb
they found here in Gilkabir.
I'll admit I'm a little apprehensive.
While the door to the tomb is
fascinating, I'll get to that in a
minute. I don't know how anyone would
have found this thing in the first
place.
There was no tomb marker, no statues,
absolutely nothing built into or around
this plateau that would indicate a tomb
was hidden here.
If these guys weren't using some of the
latest seismic tools to map out the
land, there's no telling how much longer
this thing would have stayed buried. I
mean, I can understand, too. Their
eagerness to excavate and unearth this
find. It's rare to get to see an
untouched tomb nowadays, especially one
so isolated from any others in the map.
Makes me wonder if there's a whole cache
of hidden tombs just waiting to be
uncovered
to share their history.
It's exciting. So, back to the door.
It's massive.
Two
20 foot or so slabs of deep black
granite. That's my guess anyway from
what they've uncovered so far. They're
still whittling away at the rock
surrounding it. But the glimpses I see
are still incredible nonetheless. It
goes without saying, but I'm most
fascinated by the writing on the doors.
Every single inch of the stone uncovered
so far has dense lines of script like
the Rosetta stone. It's weathered to all
hell, but I can identify some
hieroglyphics as well as ancient Greek.
I can't make out full sentences yet, but
from what I got so far, I can see
something about a key or an origin of
some sort and something about riches.
The guys uh seemed to work a little
faster after I plucked that word.
In any case,
we got a lot of work ahead of us, but
it seems promising.
Day five. It's been steady going, but
we've been making progress on getting
this door uncovered. Rick Wilson, the
man leading this whole expedition, is a
fair enough guy, making sure no one
overworks themselves in this heat.
Rick's picked a great team here between
Jimmy, Susan, Frank, Jade, and myself. I
can't think of a better team of cracking
the secret of this tomb. I think we're
all just excited to see what's on the
other side. The only bad news so far is
that years and years under soil,
it hasn't treated these slabs well. I'm
having difficulty translating the full
message transcribed. My best guess on
what the writing on the door says is the
key to nothing is resting here. Wealth
there is none.
Forgetting is a gift.
Warnings are written all the time on
tombs, often warning about curses or
traps, but I haven't read one like this
before.
At our continued rate, we should have
this door ready to go in a few days or
so, weather permitting.
Day eight.
Today's the day. We got enough of the
door uncovered to be able to open it.
Seeing this jet black set of doors
nested into the rock really is quite
imposing. The warning over and over
inlaid in the door doesn't help either.
Still this. This isn't my first rodeo.
So once we find a way to get these doors
open, I'll report back later on what
we've uncovered. Rick,
wait.
Wait. But I I already wrote this.
I never updated on what we found. Um,
come to think of it,
I'm I'm drawing a blank on yesterday. I
remember writing in my journal. We set
up the equipment to force the doors open
and
nothing.
Looking out of my tent right now, the
doors remain closed.
I need to investigate.
So, I just spoke to Rick, and he's also
a bit confused. When I asked him how
long we've been out here, he also
thought it was still day eight. I showed
him my phone's date. He seemed as
puzzled as I was. We gathered everyone
up, and sure enough, it's like an entire
day was taken away from all of us. None
of us remembered what happened when we
forced the doors opened, or why it's
back to being closed.
I'd like to contribute it to the
sweltering heat, but I know that's not
true.
Something's wrong.
Rick paused all further attempts until
we figure out what's going on.
I'm going to go back through my notes to
see if I missed anything on the
translations. Between the five of us,
someone's got to remember something.
Day 10.
I don't know who Frank is.
I wrote about him on day five, but I I
have no idea why I wrote that.
I've asked the whole camp. They assumed
that it's always just been us five, not
six.
Everyone's drawing a collective blank on
what happened the day we tried to open
the tomb. Everything in our brains tells
us it's stupid to try again. But at the
same time, when we sit in silence
checking our gear, the collective desire
to try again is
palpable.
This isn't a group so easily willing to
give up. Rick seems to be in the same
boat and saying that we'll try again
tomorrow.
Something keeps bothering me.
Everyone assures me that it's always
been us five. Oh, why then did we set up
an extra empty C? What? Why do we have a
bunch of extra supplies? And those
supplies, why is there a photograph of a
woman and her child that no one else
recognizes?
I don't I don't think anyone wants to
actually sit down and think about this.
Day 11.
Well, take two for the tomb today. I
didn't want to wait until the day was
over to begin writing. I'll chronicle as
we go today. It's a little before dawn
and we've set up our supplies ready to
get into the tomb. Rick had brought a
very interesting new piece of
technology, one I haven't seen before. A
crate of self-navigational micro drones.
According to Rick, these things can
safely fly into an unknown space and
through a bit of 3D mapping
capabilities, fully map the inside of a
tomb in a matter of minutes. A part of
me feels like it it takes a little bit
of the fun out of exploring a place that
man hasn't set foot in for years. But I
also recognize just how dangerous these
places are. It looks like the team's
getting ready to crack the door open and
set the drones in. Once we have a good
idea of what's in there, we'll head in.
The drones took an hour to map the area.
Rick seemed concerned slightly,
explained to me that he's never seen
them take this long. When we opened up
the laptop to look at the scanned area,
to say that we to say that we were
stunned is um that's an understatement.
This place is huge. If we were on an
island off of Greece, I would have sworn
this was the very maze that home the
Minotaur in the mitt.
The sheer time it would have taken to
carve out the winding tunnels with
multiple dead ends back hundreds of
years ago is was comparable to the
pyramids hundreds of miles away.
We're expecting a long trek in there,
but at least we have a clear path to the
central chamber. With luck, I'll update
later today on our findings. The energy
of the group is a little strange.
There's I mean there's excitement for
sure, but
I can't get my translation out of my
head.
Forgetting
is a gift.
It doesn't make sense.
None of it does. Tomb, it's empty. I
mean, it's kind of empty.
So, right after my last update, we went
inside the tomb and immediately entering
the solid black granite was much cooler
than the outside Egypt heat. We used the
map that the drones created and followed
the winding path deeper inside. The only
noise audible was the sound of our own
footsteps against the solid stone. It
really did feel like we were the first
ones in there. That the main room also
showed no signs of anyone else before
us. Or maybe maybe they just didn't
leave a trace.
I mean, it was a large room that seemed
like it should be filled with priceless
artifacts.
But there was nothing except for the
coffin.
This goes against most Egyptian burials.
They they believe that you brought your
possessions with you to the afterlife.
Why were there none in this room? I
mean, at first, we thought that we had
found the tomb of someone infamous,
someone who did something so horrible
the Egyptians wanted to forget about
them. But
opening the sarcophagus led to only more
questions.
It was empty.
I still don't think anyone got to it
before us, as it took us a lot of effort
to pry open the lid to the strange
sarcophagus seated in the dead center of
the room. It too was made of a similar
material to the doors and the walls. It
was solid black granite.
It wasn't carved into a person's visage
like most sarcophagi, but instead
covered in writing. I took plenty of
photos, which I plan to review for
translation soon. And once we got the
lid open and peered inside, however, we
were greeted
with nothing.
An empty black coffin.
We searched the inside looking for a
lever, a switch, writing, something. He
was empty. The smooth, solid black of
granite almost made it look like we were
peering into an empty void.
My conclusion,
I think this was a tomb that never got
filled. Something went wrong and whoever
was supposed to be buried here wasn't.
Clearly, it was someone not liked. So,
they went ahead and probably dropped him
in a ditch, called it a day. While a
part of me is a little disappointed,
this was still an interesting find. even
if it's due to the irregularity of the
tomb. Some of the others want to scope
out some of the other dead ends to see
if anything was missed before we wrap it
up here and report our findings. I mean,
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious
to take another peek in there myself.
Day 12.
I couldn't sleep last night.
Just as I felt like I was finally dozing
off, it sounded like someone was
mumbling or whispering in their sleep.
I didn't recognize whose voice it was.
And even when my eyes adjusted
to the darkness of the tent, I couldn't
see anyone's lips moving.
Despite this, I've been making solid
progress on my translation. A lot of it
seemed to repeat the warning on the
door. Some of the new stuff talks about
a voice translated to your voice.
It could also be my voice. It's tough to
discern the context.
I'll keep working on it.
I think it may not have just been me who
didn't get much sleep last night.
Everyone's acting a little weird this
morning. thing I saw. Jade pushed Jimmy
is he was bent over looking at our
supplies. And naturally, Jimmy was
pissed. What's weird though is that Jade
was immediately apologetic, claiming she
just had the urge to do it. It It wasn't
just her, though. I watched Rick
purposely bend the antenna to one of the
handheld radios we have, only to then
try to fix it, cursing under his breath.
I'm
I'm not sure what's going on.
It happened to me, too. I was eating
lunch and I just poured out my water. I
don't know why it it was like I had the
thought to do it and I I really wanted
to. So, I did. I didn't I didn't do it
involuntarily. At least I I don't think
I did. I just chose to act on that
thought with how fast it came and went,
though. It honestly felt like it wasn't
even my own thought.
I'm not sure what's gotten into me.
Something's
wrong with us. Susan came out of the
tomb frantic. Her and Jimmy just went
into the cave a half hour ago. Jimmy
wasn't with her when she came out. Susan
told us that Jimmy jumped. They were
checking out some of the other branch
paths. They came across a pit. And she
said they both stared at it for some
time before he just leapt like he was
diving into a swimming pool. she said.
We were ready to head in and see what we
could do to get him out. But she made it
clear that after a few moments of
silence.
She heard him land.
Then silence returned.
Rex made it clear no one's going back
into the tomb. And he called the
institution funding our dig to get us a
ride out of the desert. While we wait
for a ride to show up in the next few
days, I'm going to try to translate more
of this sarcophagus, mostly to to keep
my mind off of what's happening. But
cohesively also feels like this is
this is important.
There's something we missed.
Day 13.
What did we let out?
I couldn't sleep last night, so at some
point I must have scribbled what I wrote
earlier. I'd be lying if I said I I
remember writing that, though. I think
it's just it's what I'm secretly afraid
of. That that was a sealed coffin. I'm
not really superstitious, but what if we
were cursed? Like, I feel ridiculous
writing that, but things have been
they've only been getting worse.
I keep getting strange little urges.
Light all of our matches. Rip a hole in
our tent. Draw a deep line in the sand
with my foot. As as fast as they arrive,
they leave. But it's tough to act
against them. I can see everyone on
edge. They they must be dealing with the
same thing.
I need to deal with my translations
today.
This
might prove to be the distraction I
need.
He will be your voice,
but your actions
will be his.
Everyone will be the key
to the coming nothing.
Who is he? What?
What did we let out?
Nothing.
Nothing is coming. Is nothing a thing or
a state that we'll reach? I'm
I'm going to keep this to myself. I
don't want the rest of the crew freaking
out. This doesn't sit right though. He
will have my voice, but my actions will
be his. Is Is this what we're all
experiencing? What's going on?
Who is in my head?
Whatever I wrote ends there.
I can't remember much from our time by
the tomb. Only bits and pieces. I can
remember the tomb itself. I remember we
opened it. My solid memory kicks up
right when we were being driven back.
The driver kept asking us if there were
more people, but we were sure that there
were only the four of us. He seemed to
hesitate on that information. But if if
I'm being honest, the guy was a little
weird anyways, driving us back to the
base of operations. Kept swerving the
car back and forth just for the fun of
it. Seemed everyone's been acting weird
around us. It's subtle, but I've seen a
guy impulsively kick over a waistband.
Another guy just he bit his cheek hard
enough to to bleed a little.
Didn't take long for a few guys in suits
to step in, ask us about what we
remember down in the tomb. They've had
us in quarantine for some time now, but
I think whatever they're trying to
quarantine, it's it's far too late.
I've heard them use the term intrusive
thoughts in passing and I think that's
the best way to describe what I've been
feeling. These
thoughts that I have I wish I knew what
to say. If if this ever gets out there
to whoever is reading this, please, you
can't listen to that voice when it
calls. I don't know what that voice is,
what it's inching us towards with these
little actions. But if a butterfly
flapping its wings can cause a typhoon
on the other side of the globe,
I shuddered to think what the small
actions of the entire world might be
leading to.
I don't know where I heard this advice
from, but I feel like it fits the
situation.
Just just forget about those thoughts.
Don't let your mind dwell on them.
Sometimes
forgetting
is a gift.
>> Dexter, we're monogamous.
>> No, we're not.
>> The hell do you mean we're not? Since
when are we not?
Dexter moved away from the table and
grabbed a new beer from the fridge.
>> Mia, are are you messing with me right
now? me messing with you? You're the one
who's texting in in front of my face.
This whole thing blew up when I saw him
message someone with a heart emoji, and
it definitely wasn't his mom. Dexter's
defense was that he was just texting his
secondary, some girl named Sunny that I
was supposed to know about.
>> Mia, why are you being like this?
>> Like what?
>> We've had this arrangement for over 2
years.
what arrangement? It It was crazy talk.
I couldn't believe he had the balls to
pretend this was normal.
I don't remember ever discussing
a secondary person or whatever this is.
He drank his beer, staring with his
characteristic half-cloed eyes as if I
had done something to bore or annoy him.
>> Do you want me to get the contract?
What contract?
>> The contract that we wrote together that
you signed.
>> I was more confused than ever. Sure.
Yes. Bring out the contract.
Wordlessly, he went into his room. I
could hear him pull out drawers and
shuffle through papers. I swirled my
finger over top of my wine glass,
wondering if this was some stupid prank
his friends egged him into doing. Any
minute now, he was going to come out
with a bouquet and sheepishly yell,
"April fools." And then I was going to
ream him out because this whole gag had
been unfunny and demeaning and stupid.
But instead, he came out with a sheet of
paper.
It looked like a contract. Our
polyamory relationship.
Parties involved. Dexter, boyfriend.
Mia, primary girlfriend. Sunny,
secondary girlfriend.
Date redacted.
Respect the hierarchy. Dexter and Mia
are primary partners, meaning their
relationship takes priority in major
life decisions, living arrangements,
rent, etc. Dexter and Sunny share a
secondary relationship. Oh, good. They
reserve the right to see each other as
long as it does not conflict with their
primary relationship. All parties
recognize that this is an open, ethical,
non- monogous relationship with mutual
respect.
I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw my
signature at the bottom. My curly QL
looked pretty much spot-on,
but I I I didn't remember signing this
at all.
Dexter. I struggled to find the right
word. His face looked unamused, as if he
was getting tired of my kidding around.
Dexter, I'm sorry. I I don't remember
signing this.
He rolled his eyes.
>> Mia, come on.
>> I'm being serious. This isn't
I I couldn't have signed this. couldn't
have.
>> His sigh turned frustrated.
>> Listen, if this is your way of
renegotiating, that's fine. We can have
a meeting. I'm I'm always open to
discussion, but there's no reason to
diss Sunny like that.
>> I was shocked at how defensive he was.
>> Dexter, I'm not trying to diss anyone.
I'm not lying. I I swear on my mom's
grave, my own grave. I do not remember
Sunny at all.
He looked at me with a frown and shook
his head, more disappointed than
anything.
>> Listen,
we can have a meeting tomorrow. Just
stop pretending you don't know her.
I didn't want to prod the bear, so I
laid off him the rest of the evening. We
finished our drinks, watched some TV,
and then went to sleep.
The following morning, Dexter dropped
our weekend plans and made a reservation
at a local sushi restaurant. Sunny was
going to meet us there at noon for a
renegotiation.
I I didn't know what to think.
Over breakfast, I made a few delicate
inquiries over Sunny, but Dexter was
still quite offended. Apparently, this
had been something all three of us had
wanted.
all three of us.
I found it hard to believe, but didn't
push it any further. Instead, I screded
through the photos on my phone where I
immediately noticed something was wrong.
There was a new woman in all of them.
It was hard to explain. It's like
someone had individually doctorred all
my old photos to suddenly fit an extra
person into each one.
It was unsettling to say the least.
Dexter and I had this one iconic photo
from our visit to the epic suspension
bridge where we were holding a small
kiss at the end of the bridge. We
occupied most of the frame. Except now
when I looked at the photo,
somehow there was this shadowy, taller
woman behind both of us. She had her
hands across both our waists and was
blowing a kiss towards the camera.
Who the hell?
She was in nearly every photo. evenings
out at restaurants, family gatherings,
board game nights, weddings,
even in photos from our vacations,
Milan, Rome. She even [__] joined us
inside the Systeine Chapel.
The strangest part
was her look.
I'm not going to beat around the bush.
This was some kind of photoshopped
model, like a Kylie Jenner Kardashian
type. It felt like some influencer
turned actress turned philanthropist.
just so happened to bump into two bland
Canadians. It didn't look real. The
photo was too perfect. There wasn't a
single one where she had half her eyes
closed or or was caught mid laugh or
anything. It's like she had rehearsed a
pose for each one.
The whole vibe was disturbing.
I wanted to confront Dexter the moment I
saw this woman, this succubus, this
whatever she was.
But he went for a bike ride to clear his
head.
It was very typical of him to avoid
confrontation.
Originally, he was supposed to come back
and then we'd both head to the
restaurant together,
but he didn't come back.
Dexter texted me instead to come meet
him at the restaurant that he'll be
waiting there. What the [__] was going
on?
The restaurant was a Japanese
bar. Small venue, no windows. This was
one of our favorite places because it
wasn't too overpriced, but still had a
classy vibe.
I felt a little betrayed that we were
using my favorite date night restaurant
for something so auxiliary.
My sense of betrayal ripened further
when I arrived 10 minutes early only to
see Dexter already at the table
and he was sitting next to her,
if you could call it sitting. It almost
looked like he was kneeling, holding
both of her hands as if he had been
sharing the deepest, most important
secrets of his life for the last couple
hours.
I could hear the faint echo of his
whisper as I walked in.
So glad this could work out this way.
>> For a moment, I wanted to turn away.
How long have they been here? Is this an
ambush?
But then Sunny spotted me from across
the restaurant.
>> Mia, over here.
>> Her wide eyes glimmered in the
restaurant's soft lighting, zeroing in
on me like a hawk. Somehow, her words
traveled 30 ft without her having to
raise her voice.
>> "Mia, join us."
>> I walked up, feeling a little sheepish,
but refusing to let it show. I wore what
my friends often called my resting
defiant face, which can apparently look
quite intimidating.
>> Come.
>> Sunny patted the open space to her left.
Her nails had to be at least an inch
long.
I smiled and sat on Dexter's right.
Sunny cut right to it.
>> So, Dexter says you've been having
trouble in your relationship.
>> It was hard to look her in the eyes.
Staring at her seemed strangely
entrancing.
The word tunnel vision immediately came
to mind, as if the world around Sunny
was merely an echo to her reverberating
bell.
Uh, trouble? No. Dex and I are doing
great. I turned to face Dexter, who
looked indifferent as usual.
I wouldn't say there's any trouble.
>> I meant in your relationship to our
agreement.
>> Sunny's smoky voice lingered on each
word.
>> Dexter says you're trying to back out of
it.
>> I poured myself a cup of the green tea
to busy myself. Anything to avert her
gaze. However, as soon as I brought the
ceramic cup to my lips,
I reconsidered.
Am I even sure this drink is safe?
I cleared my throat and did my best to
find a safe viewing angle of Sunny. As
long as I looked away between sentences,
it seemed like the entrancing tunnel
vision couldn't take hold. Listen, I'm
just going to be honest. It's very nice
to meet you, Sunny. You look like a very
nice person, but
I don't know you like at all.
>> Don't know me.
>> When I glanced over, Sunny was suddenly
backlit, like one of the restaurant
lamps had lowered itself to make her
hair look glowing.
>> Of course, you know me. We've known each
other since high school.
>> As soon as she said the words, I got a
migraine.
Worse yet,
I suddenly remembered things.
I suddenly remembered the time we were
at our grade 11 theater camp where I had
been paired up with Sunny for almost
every assignment. We had laughed at each
other in improv and belted from our
belts in singing. Our final mini project
was a duo log and we were assigned Romeo
and Juliet.
I can still feel the warmness of her
hand during rehearsal.
And even after high school,
>> Sunny continued, looking at me with her
perfectly tweezed brows.
>> Are you saying you forgot our whole trip
through Europe?
>> Bright purple lights, music festival,
Belgium, some of these dance floors
apparently let just about anything
happen. But she was always there for me.
She would always be there for me.
I smacked my plate, trying to mentally
fend off the onslaught of so much
imagery. It It's not real. It feels
real, but it's not real.
It can't be real.
>> Well,
>> Dexter asked. He was offering me some of
his dynamite roll.
When did we order food?
I politely declined and cleared my
throat. There was still enough of me
that knew Sunny was manifesting
something. Somehow, she was warping past
events in my head. I forcibly stared at
the empty plate beneath me.
I don't know what's going on, but both
Dexter and I are leaving. Dexter
scoffed.
>> Leaving? I don't think so.
>> No one's leaving until you tell us
what's wrong.
>> Sunny's smoky voice sounded more
alluring the longer I wasn't looking.
That's how our meetings are supposed to
work, remember?
>> I could tell she was trying to draw my
gaze, but I wasn't having it. I slid off
my seat in one quick movement. Dexter
grabbed my wrist. Hey, I wretched my
hand. Let go. We struggled for a few
seconds before Sunny stood up and
assertively pronounced.
>> Darlings, please. There's no need for
this to be embarrassing.
>> Dexter let go. I took this as an
opportunity and backed away from the
booth. And what a booth it was. The
lighting was picture perfect. Sunny had
the most artistically pleasing
arrangement of sushi rolls I'd ever
seen. Seaweed, rice, and sashimi
arranged in flourishes that would have
made Wes Anderson melt in his seat.
I turned and bolted.
>> "Mia!" Dexter yelled
at the door. I pulled the handle and ran
outside. Only I didn't enter the outside
lobby.
I entered the same sushi restaurant
again.
The hell? I turned around and looked
behind me. There was Sunny sitting in
her booth.
And then I looked ahead back in front.
Sunny sitting in her booth.
A mirror copy.
The door opened both ways into the same
restaurant.
What?
I tried to look for any other exit. I
ran along the left side of the wall away
from Sunny's booth towards the washroom.
There had to be a back exit somewhere. I
found the washrooms, the kitchen, and
the staff rooms, but none of the doors
would open.
It's like It's like they were all glued
shut. What's going on? What is this?
Wiping my tears, I wandered back into
the restaurant, realizing in shock that
we were the only patrons there. We were
the only people here.
Everything was totally empty except for
Sunny's beautifully lit booth.
She watched me patiently with a smile.
What is happening? There was no use
hiding the fear in my voice.
>> What is happening is that we need to
renegotiate.
>> Sunny cleared some food from the center
of the table and presented a paper
contract.
Relationship with Sunny. Parties
involved. Primary girlfriend. Sunny.
Primary boyfriend.
Dexter.
Secondaries
Mia Maxine Jasper. Theo Victor Noe Mateo
Claudine
Tertiaries C appendix B date redacted.
The changeover.
Mia will be given 30 days to find new
accommodations.
Dexter recommends returning to her
parents' place. In the meantime,
Mia is allowed to keep any and all of
her original possessions.
My jaw dropped.
What the [__]
Avoiding Sunny's gaze, I instead turned
to Dexter, who stared at me with a
loosely apologetic frown.
Dexter,
what is all this?
It's saying I have to move.
We just moved in together like 6 months
ago. You can't be serious.
He cleared his throat and flattened his
shirt across his newly formed pecs and
six-pack.
What is going on?
I'm serious, Mia.
I've done some thinking.
You don't have what I want.
>> There was some kind of aura exuding from
Dexter now. He looked cleaner and better
shaven than before. His cheekbones might
have even been higher, too.
I I I didn't know how much of this had
to do with Sunny's influence, but I
tried to see past it. I spoke to him as
the boyfriend I had dated for over 2
years. Dexter, listen to me. I'm telling
it to you as straight as it is.
Something's [__] Don't follow Sunny.
I pointed at her without turning a
glance. You were like entranced or
something. If you care at all about
yourself, your well-being, your future,
just leave. This is not worth it. This
isn't even about me anymore. Your life
is at risk here. Sunny laughed a rich,
lubrious laugh and then drank some
elaborate cocktail in the corner of my
eye.
>> "Well,
I want to stay with her,"
>> Dexter said.
>> "And you need to sign to make that
happen."
>> His finger planted itself on the
contract.
"Dexter,
you can't stay
>> if you don't sign." Sunny's smoky voice
traveled right up to both my ears as if
she was whispering into both at the same
time.
>> "You can never leave."
>> Suddenly, all lamps in the restaurant
went out. All the lamps except our
booths. It's like we were featured in
some commercial. Sunny stared at me with
completely black eyes. No iris, no
scareup, pure obsidian.
>> Sign it.
All around me was pitch darkness.
Was I even at this restaurant anymore?
A cold, stifling tightness caused my
back to shiver.
I signed on the dotted line.
My curly QL never looked better.
>> Good.
Sunny snatched the page away, vanishing
it somewhere behind her back. She smiled
and sipped from her drink.
You know, Mia, I don't think Dexter has
ever loved you to begin with. Let's be
honest.
>> Her all black eyes found mine again.
I was flooded with more memories.
Dexter forgetting our anniversary, his
inappropriate joke at my dad's hospital
bed, the time he compared my cooking to
a toddler's in front of my entire
family.
My headache started to throb. In
response, I unzipped my purse and pulled
out my pepper spray. I maced the [__]
out of Sunny. The yellow spray shot her
right in the face. She screamed and
turned away. Dexter grabbed my arm and I
grabbed his in return. Now, Dexter,
let's get out of here. Forget Sunny.
[__] this contract. But he wrestled my
hand and pried the pepper spray from my
fingers. His chest jawline abruptly
disappeared. He looked upset. His face
was flushed with shock and
disappointment.
>> I can't believe you, Mia. Pepper spray.
Are you Are you serious?
>> Suddenly, the lights were back and we
weren't alone in the restaurant. The
patrons around me looked stupified by my
behavior. People around began to cough
and waft the spray from their table.
I I stepped back from our booth, which
looked the same as the other booths.
Sunny was keeled over in her seat,
gagging and trying to clear her throat.
A waiter shuffled over to our table,
asking what had happened. A child across
from us began to cry.
I tore away and sprinted out the doors.
This time I had no trouble entering the
lobby. This time I had no trouble
escaping back outside.
I moved away from Dexter the next day.
told my family it was an emergency.
They asked if he was being abusive, if I
should involve the police in the
situation.
I said no because
it wasn't quite exactly like that.
I didn't know exactly what was going on
except that I needed to get away. I just
wanted to go.
After that evening, 30 months of
relationship had just gone up in smoke.
All my memories of Dexter were now
terrible.
I figured some of them had to be true.
He was far from the perfect boyfriend.
But for all of them to be rotten, that
couldn't be right.
Why would I have been with someone for
so long if they were so awful?
In the effort of maintaining my
self-respect, I convinced myself that
Dexter was a good guy, that his image
had been slandered by Sunny, which is
still the only explanation I have, that
she altered my memories of him.
I'm sorry I couldn't help you, Dexter,
but the situation was beyond me.
I hope you're able to find your way out
of it, too.
There's nothing else I can do.
Although I've distanced myself away from
Dexter and moved back in with my parents
in a completely different part of the
city,
I still haven't been able to shake
Sunny.
She still texts me. She keeps asking to
meet up. Apparently, we're due for a
catch up. I see her randomly in coffee
shops and food courts, but I always pack
up and leave.
I don't know who or what she is, but
every time I see her, I get flooded with
more bogus romantic events of our shared
past.
Our trip to Nicaragua, our skiing
station, our St. Patrick's Day at the
beach.
It's reached a point where I can tell
the memories are fake by the sheer
volume. There's no way I would have had
the time, not to mention the money, to
go to half these places I'm suddenly
remembering.
So,
I'm saving up to move away.
Thanks to my family lineage, I have an
Italian passport.
I'm going to try and restart my life
somewhere around Florence, but who
knows? I might even move to Spain or
France.
I know it's a big sudden change, but
after these last couple months,
I really need a way to reclaim myself.
I just want my own life and my own
inside my head back. I want to start
making memories that I know are real,
places I've been to, people I've seen.
I want memories that belong to no one
else but me.
It was five of us in total. Me, Ty,
Matt, Reese, and the pilot.
His name was Rick. Old guy, maybe late
50s, worn out hoodie, work boots, lace
to the ankle. Didn't say much beyond
basic safety instructions.
He met us in a clearing past the last
subdivision, just this empty stretch of
field that smelled like burned grass. No
fences, no signs.
The basket was already upright, balloon
half filled and swaying.
And I booked the ride on a whim. Found
it on some forum said that it'd be about
45 minutes in the air. Sunset flight,
smooth, scenic.
The post said, "Bring a jacket."
That was all.
We took off at 7:15, still light out,
barely. The burner roared overhead,
loud, but somehow comforting, and the
balloon rose clean. No lurch, no pull,
just this
silent lift that made the whole thing
feel like a trick.
Rick barely looked at us once we were
up. Just worked the burner, adjusted the
cords while we passed our houses that
looked like Monopoly pieces.
The air felt thick with sunwarm silence.
At first, it was fun.
Tai cracked jokes. Matt was filming on
his phone. Reese leaned over the edge
more than I was comfortable with,
spitting once just to see how long it
took to disappear.
I was quiet,
watching shadows crawl across the ground
as the light slept west.
It felt calm
until it didn't.
I can't say exactly when it changed.
Maybe 15, 20 minutes in. The trees
looked darker, longer.
The fields were endless. No more houses,
no roads, just an ocean of green that
turned black the second the sun dropped
below the hills.
I looked at Regg.
He was still standing with one hand on
the burner valve, staring ahead like he
was like he was waiting for something.
His expression hadn't changed since
takeoff. Tai asked, "How long until we
come back down?
No response.
Rick didn't move. He didn't blink. Reese
laughed nervously. Hey, man. You good?
Still nothing.
Matt reached out and touched his
shoulder. Rick didn't react. He was
breathing, but stiff, frozen, like he'd
fallen asleep with his eyes open. The
burner fired again. Flame roared above
us.
We were still climbing.
I could feel it in my ears.
Pressure building. Wind had vanished.
The trees were just a dark smear now. No
lights below. Just just no signs of
life.
I think we're too high, I said.
Reese stepped back from the edge. I
don't see anything anymore. No town, no
glow. Shouldn't we be seeing like street
lights or something? Tai's voice was
tighter now. What is this, man?
Nobody had an answer.
Ben Rick moved.
Not much, just a shift in his weight.
The small turn, his eyes scan past us,
not quite making contact. He let go of
the burner, walked to the edge of the
basket.
No buildup,
no words, no warning.
He climbed over the edge.
We all froze.
Ty grabbed the side. Yo. Yo, what the
hell are you?
But Rick was halfway over, one leg
dangling, calm as anything.
And then he stepped off.
gone.
No scream, no no no thud, no flutter of
clothes, just
gone.
We rushed to the edge, looked down.
Darkness.
At first, I thought I saw something.
Movement below, a shadow against
shadows. Then Ree spoke almost a
whisper.
"There's another one."
"What?" Matt asked. "Look," he pointed.
Below us, another balloon, identical,
same striped envelope, same wicker
basket, same shape.
Four figures inside, all standing, all
looking up. I followed Reese's gaze
upward
above us.
Another balloon.
Same balloon.
Four more figures all facing down.
None of them moved.
The air got colder. Matt stepped back,
shaking his head. The [__] is this?
What? What is this?
We started pulling the emergency cord
over and over.
Nothing happened.
We're not descending. I said,
"Why are we going down?"
The burner hissed again,
still climbing.
The four of us pressed in close now, no
one talking, just breathing harder,
watching the balloons above and below
like mirrors in the sky.
They weren't reflections.
They weren't delayed. They weren't
random.
Each one of them
It was us.
Same heights,
same builds, same silhouettes.
Matt spoke voice tight. That's That's
not possible,
right?
That That's not Shut up. Ty said, "Just
shut up for a second."
The balloon above us was drifting lower
slowly, like it was being drawn to us.
I felt at first a low shift in the air
pressure, like something large was
coming towards us without making a
sound. Then Ree stepped towards the
edge. Matt caught his arm. Don't.
Ree didn't look at him. Didn't say
anything.
He climbed up. I moved to stop him. Too
late.
He stepped over.
Gone.
Just
gone.
We rushed to the side. Balloon below.
Three figures now.
Ty started backing into the corner of
the basket, staring at us. Then down.
Then up again. His voice was cracking.
He's down there. That's him. That's
That's Reese down there.
Matt was breathing heavy. This isn't
real. This isn't
This isn't real.
I leaned back against the burner frame.
My chest hurt.
My fingers were numb.
Above us, the balloon was closer. Much,
much closer.
I could make out details now. One of the
figures was leaning towards, elbows on
the edge, looking straight at me. He
didn't blink.
I think
I think he was me.
It's just three of us now. Me, Ty, and
Matt.
Ree is gone.
Rick, too.
The balloon keeps climbing.
The one above is maybe 50 ft away now. I
can see its stripes more clearly.
Yellow, red, dark green like ours. The
envelope flickers softly in the moonless
dark, almost glowing from the heat of
its own burner. And the people inside,
they don't move. They just
stare.
I tried yelling.
No reaction.
Tai won't stop whispering. It's like
he's talking to himself.
But low and fast like he doesn't want us
to hear.
I saw his jacket. He says
Ree.
He's wearing his jacket down there.
Matt finally snaps. We don't know that.
You didn't see anything.
I did. Ty hisses louder now.
You just don't want to believe it.
They start arguing. I I can't follow it.
I'm focused on the horizon,
if there even is one.
It's all black now.
The air's thin,
cold.
My skin feels dry,
like my body's trying to shrink itself.
And then I see the lights,
just three out in the dark below us.
A faint glow, barely visible at first
and then clearer.
A barn
wide and sagging in the middle. One side
caved in. A factory windowless except
one tall smoke stack with a faint
flickering light behind a window near
the roof. A church.
Long, narrow, crooked spire pointing
into the void.
We pass over them.
"Did you see that?"
I ask.
Matt nods. Yeah.
Ty doesn't answer. He's pacing, arms
crossed, tight across his chest. His
lips are moving, but he isn't saying
anything out loud anymore.
5 minutes later, maybe 10.
Then the buildings come back.
Same exact
buildings.
Same broken barn. Same crooked spire.
Same flickering factory window.
Okay. Matt murmur.
That's not possible. That's not
I counted the shingles. I whispered.
That's the same barn.
Tai's in the corner and he's pulled up
to his chest now. We drift in silence.
The burner fires again. And now
now I realize something worse.
We're not just drifting past the
buildings. We're
We're stuck on them.
A loop like a like a cheap simulation.
If the world below was just wallpaper,
the same strip of terrain playing again
and again and again.
Where the hell are we?
Matt whispers.
No one answers.
The balloon above closer now. I can see
the face of the one leaning over.
He's got my build.
my shoulders.
His head tilts slightly when I move like
a reflection slacking.
And then Matt goes still.
His eyes are fixed on something behind
me.
Someone's coming down.
I turn
from the balloon above. One figure is
climbing.
Hand over hand. Slow down the rope
netting. Legs swinging slightly with a
breeze. Steady.
No fear in how he moves. Like he knows
exactly where he's going.
I take a step back, head thuing hard
enough to hurt.
Ty starts rocking now, mumbling
something rhythmically faster and
faster.
Matt
stares at the climbing figure like he's
frozen.
And then
Matt bolts.
He doesn't say a word, just runs to the
edge and jumps. He doesn't hesitate. He
doesn't cry out.
Gone.
I spin. I grab the side balloon below.
Two figures now. Me and Ty.
I stagger back. My breathing too fast. I
feel like my body's turning inside out.
The figure from above is almost here. I
could hear the soft creek of the rope
ladder now. The wooden clunk of his foot
landing on the basket.
I don't want to look,
but I do.
He stands a few feet away.
Same height, same jacket, same hands,
face in shadow.
But I know.
I know it's me.
He just stares,
tilts his head, then tilts it back the
other way. Not mocking,
not curious, just
copying.
Tai finally screams.
It's sudden and it's raw and it's loud
in the dead air. He jumps to his feet
and points. There's more, he yells.
I look
the balloon below. It's no longer just
one.
There's two
stack slightly offset. Both rising
and above us,
another's appeared
higher still.
I don't understand.
It's not just one above and one below
anymore. It's layered. Dozens of them
going up, going down.
Some of them have baskets filled with
people. Some of them have none.
Some have me.
The one in our basket hasn't moved.
Still staring. Still watching.
I don't
I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
Ty backs away, arms trembling. Then he
grabs the burner valve and yanks it. The
flame shoots up with a scream of gas. He
pulls again and again. No control, just
panic. We have to get out, he mutters.
It's going to keep going. It doesn't
end. I shout at him, but it's no use.
He's lost it. He steps to the edge, one
foot over. No, tight.
He looks at me
just once
and then he falls backwards into the
darkness.
The balloon below. Just one figure now.
Me
and the other.
He's still staring.
We're both standing here in the same
basket. The burner cuts off.
No flame, no sound,
no movement.
We just float
above and below. copies of us.
I sit down slowly, staring into the
black.
Then I hear the wind shift just a
little.
The copy of me walks over,
sits beside me, not touching, just
sitting.
We stare out together at the horizon
where the barn,
the factory, and the church
repeat again for the fifth time.
I'm not sure which one of us is the real
me anymore.
I've been writing this for a dozen or so
cycles now.
If you can see this, then I guess my
phone has reception.
And you know what I've had to do.
I've never been the kind of guy with a a
career.
I was more the odds and ends type. You
know, whatever paid the bills,
construction, delivery, even
telemarketing for a few miserable weeks.
That's how I became a jiatsu, a night
mover. See, in Japan, the jihadu are
known as the evaporated. The people who
disappear without a trace.
They want a fresh start away from debt,
stalkers, or just the burden of the life
that they've built. But there's another
side to it. The ones who helped them
disappear. That was that was us.
We'd show up after dark, no lights, no
noise, pack up everything, and leave,
you know, as if nothing had ever been
there. The less we knew about the
clients, the better. No real names, no
question, cash only.
Most of the time, the jobs were pretty
straightforward. We'd move people,
escaping abusive relationships, uh,
financial ruin, shady business deals,
you know, that ones that went belly up.
Sometimes it was kind of sad, you know,
quiet families, hollow eyes, kids
clutching toys as they vanished into the
night.
Other times it was almost too easy. An
empty apartment, bags already packed,
just a quick grab and go.
I learned not to ask about what was left
behind. But not every job was easy, you
know. Some of them.
Some of them I I still have nightmares
about.
First job was this woman. thin, wild
hair, darting eyes like she was waiting
for someone to burst through the door
any second.
We got the call at night like usual, and
when we arrived, she was already
waiting, clutching her arms like they
were the only thing holding her
together.
She didn't say much, just rushed us
inside, glancing over her shoulder at
every little sound, creek of a door, hum
of a passing car. Every time something
happened, she'd freeze, then whisper,
"Hurry, we need to move faster. Keep
quiet, please."
At first, I figured it was just another
case of someone running from an abusive
ex, which I mean, it wasn't uncommon for
us, but
this was different.
It was the way she kept looking out the
window that started to get to me. Like
any second someone might show up. My
partner, Kenji, tried to crack a joke to
ease the tension, but she just glared at
him, wideeyed, hissed, quiet.
Once everything was packed, she didn't
even ride with us. She just told us to
meet her at the new place. Way out in
the country. She took off without
another word. Our truck rattled along
the empty roads for what felt like
hours. We pulled up to this old isolated
house. It was quiet. No lights, no signs
of life. We waited and waited,
but she never showed.
We called her phone. We left voicemails.
We sent texts.
Nothing.
We didn't know what else to do. We ended
up just unloading our stuff into the
house just like she'd told us. By dawn,
we were exhausted. We were confused and
more than a little spooked. So So
we left. Few
days later, I couldn't shake the feeling
that something was wrong. I looked her
up out of curiosity.
It turns out she wasn't just running
from an ex, she was mixed up with a
Yakuza,
a snitch.
Word was she was trying to testify
against some very dangerous people.
The cops suspected she'd been followed
the night we moved her. likely
taken care of between her old house and
the new one. It was scary to think how
close we were to death. You just minutes
from it.
I tried not to think about what would
have happened if she'd driven with us.
The second job was in an old creaking
apartment building. We were called to
move an elderly man, someone who looked
like he belonged in that place, tucked
away from the world.
forgotten.
When he let us in, I knew right away
this wasn't going to be a normal job.
The apartment, it was filled with
strange trinkets, objects I couldn't
name, artifacts that looked ancient.
These were statues with with twisted
faces, masks with hollow eyes, symbols
painted on the walls in faded reds and
blacks.
The air was thick, kind of thick that
makes her body extra heavy.
The others got to work packing boxes,
wrapping up the artifacts as carefully
as they could,
but I couldn't shake the feeling the
room was watching me.
Then, as I was lifting a box, I noticed
a door across the room, one that I was
sure hadn't been there before.
It was just
there,
dark and slightly a jar.
I glanced around, but no one else seemed
to notice it. So, I walked over and
opened the door. Inside was another room
cluttered with more of those those
artifacts.
I stepped in trying to get a closer look
at a strange small statue covered in
symbols. But when I turned back to
leave, the
the doorway was gone.
A panic shot through me. I swiveled on
the spot, thinking I just gotten turned
around. But now there was there were two
doors on the opposite wall. I chose the
one on the right. I walked through only
to find myself in another room nearly
identical to the last with the same
dusty shelves and dark corners. The
walls seemed to to stretch and and bend,
twisting in ways that didn't make sense.
I called out to my coworker, but no one
responded.
My voice just echoed, lowering in tone
until it didn't even sound like mine.
I walked faster, every doorway leading
me to another room that looked the same
as the last. It was as if the apartment
was folding outwards from itself,
trapping me in some kind of expanding
nightmare maze. The walls began to
narrow, closing in. And I I started to
run. Every doorway was a dead end, a
mirror of the room before, filled with
more statues, more hollowedout masks
watching me. My breath came in short
gasps. And every time I looked over my
shoulder, I thought I saw a shadow
moving in the corner of my eye. The
further in I went, the more I saw the
shadow dipping out of view just as I
turned to see it. I lost track of time.
Every step, every turn led me deeper
into the labyrinth of rooms. I shouted.
I banged on walls. And all the while,
the shadow got closer. The air grew
heavier, suffocating. My chest
tightened. The shadow was was starting
to get darker, more detailed, like it
was slowly forming into something solid.
I started to smell something rotten,
like old meat from an animal's breath. I
was exhausted and about ready to give up
completely, let whatever would happen
happen. But then
I saw a faint light through a doorway
ahead.
I bolted towards it, nearly tripping
over my own feet as I pushed through the
door and staggered back into the main
room.
I glanced back, half expecting to see
the twisted maze behind me, but it was
it was just a wall.
The doorway was gone.
As if it had never existed.
Everything was just as it was when I
went into the nightmare maze. Time
hadn't passed a single second while I
was gone.
A month later, we started working on the
Fujimoto Doni complex.
That was the last time I worked as a
jiatsu.
We were called in late to an old
decaying apartment building, the kind
that hadn't seen a new coat of paint
since it was built.
The family that hired us, they were
strange,
even by our standards.
The father answered the door, tall, rail
thin, pale as death. His skin looked
translucent, almost bluish in the dim
hallway light, and he didn't smile, just
nodded once and waved us inside. The
mother wasn't any better. silent,
watching us with dark, sunken eyes, like
she hadn't slept in days.
They both seemed like they were holding
something back, like we were intruding
on a a private moment.
But avoid the room at the end of the
hall until the very end, said the
father, his voice cold and distant.
We didn't ask questions. We we never
did. Just nodded. Got to work.
The apartment was huge. Okay. It was
bigger than any I'd ever seen in the
city. High ceilings, ancient wooden
floors, thick velvet curtains that
blocked out all the light. It felt like
stepping into a different century.
As we moved through the place, loading
up the truck with old furniture and
boxes, the feeling of something being
off only grew stronger.
The air inside was stale,
thick with a smell of dust and
something else, something rotten.
The father hovered near the back of the
apartment, watching us with cold, sunken
eyes. And the mother disappeared into
the room at the end of the hall, leaving
us almost completely alone.
An hour ticked by. We were almost done.
There was just one room left.
The room they told us to avoid.
We had just started packing up the last
boxes when Riku winced. I looked over
and saw him clutching his hand. He cut
it on a loose nail from one of the old
crates that we were moving. "You good?"
I asked, keeping my voice low. Riku
nodded. And the father appeared again,
pale in silence, and he glanced at the
small pile of remaining boxes. Then
toward the door at the end of the hall.
"It's time," he said. Without another
word, he opened the door to the
forbidden room.
Outstepped this
young girl, barely a teenager by the
look of her skin as pale as her parents.
Her hair hung limp around her shoulders.
Her eyes were
they were wrong, you know, too wide, too
dark. She moved like she was half asleep
till she caught the scent of something
in the air. The little girl froze
midstep, her head snapping towards Riku,
her eyes locked on his hand, and
something primal, something
savage flickered across her face. It
happened so fast I I barely registered
it, but I saw her nostrils flare and
then she attacked. It was like a like a
blur, a flash of pale skin and teeth as
she lunged at Riku, sinking her teeth
into his neck before any of us could
react. The scream that tore out of him
was like nothing I'd ever heard. We all
froze for half a second, too stunned to
move, and by the time we recovered, Riku
was already slumped on the floor. Half
of his neck was gone. The father's eyes
went wide briefly, then calm. Oh no.
The girl wasn't dead. She crouched over
Riku and when she lifted her head, her
eyes burned with something feral,
something something inhuman.
Then she went for the next guy, Yasu.
Yasu ran out the front door. The little
girl chased after him. The mother
appeared in the doorway now, eyes wide
in panic. Its mei.
But the mother wasn't going to have any
control over her now, now that she was
feral. In fact, she wouldn't even have
control over herself or her husband. I
watched as the mother and father smelled
the air and
and they lost control of themselves.
I grabbed the nearest thing I could. It
was some old lamp and I swung it at the
mother. But she was too fast, too
strong. She dodged her movements fluid,
unnatural, as if she could read my
thoughts before I even acted. And I just
ran. I didn't even think. I just bolted
for the door.
I turned left to hit the elevators, but
found the little girl straddling Yasu's
decapitated body. Her mouth dug into his
open neck cavity. A scream carried over
from my right, and I saw an open
apartment door with a tough-l lookinging
guy walking out. Behind me, I heard the
mother and father scurrying out of the
room. I ran past the tough-l lookinging
guy into his apartment. I locked the
door and heard him banging against it
and then
screaming as he was getting torn apart.
My eyes scanned the room and that's when
I saw it. His sword just hanging on the
wall. I didn't think I grabbed it. I
checked the blade. It was dull as [__]
but you know, just for show. I still
kept it anyway. Outside, the sounds of
carnage echoed into the apartment.
Screams, snarls, the tearing of flesh. I
threw open the window and spotted the
fire escape, but it only led one way up.
So, I I climbed. behind me. I heard the
window shatter as the girl leapt out
after me. Her nails scraping against the
metal as she climbed. Too fast, too
relentless. I swung the sword as she
reached for my ankle. It connected. She
let out an inhuman shriek as she fell,
her body crashing to the ground below.
I looked down and I I saw her.
Her lower half twisted backwards, her
head split open, arms bent at unnatural
angles, but she
she kept moving,
crawling, trying to get back to the
building, and I I kept climbing. I
reached the roof and collapsed, but only
for a moment. I rushed over to the
rooftop door and pressed myself against
it. I could hear the others below, the
blood lust in their voices growing
louder. I blocked the door with
everything I could find and I I I
prayed.
Finally, the first rays of sunlight
crept over the horizon.
I listened as the people below screamed
as the sunlight through the window was
hitting them. But I knew they weren't
all gone. Not yet.
And my only way out was back down
through that apartment building.
With nothing but this dull sword, I I
crept back inside. I went through the
rooftop door, quietly sneaking into the
stairwell.
There were 10 floors with only a few of
them still having lights on. So, I had
to make my way down 10 flights of
stairs, most of which were pitch black.
As I descended, I realized that most of
the tenants had had the same idea to
make a break for the stairwell. Only
none of them appeared to make it.
The stairs and the landing were
horrific.
Gruesome sights, shredded bodies,
organs, bones, blood.
It was a slaughter house. I was halfway
down the stairwell when I heard
something below. A low, wet squelch like
skin slapping against blood soaked
concrete. I froze, clutching the samurai
sword in my hand, heart pounding, I
crept down the next flight, careful not
to slip or make any noise. I reached the
landing for the floor we'd been working
just hours earlier,
and I stopped dead in my tracks.
The floor was a massacre.
Blood spattered the walls. Body parts
mangled beyond recognition were thrown
about. But it was the body in the middle
of it all that made my stomach turn.
It was Genko. Or it was it was what was
left of him.
His body was completely torn open.
Organs spilled across the landing. Bones
pulled from muscle and tendon. His face,
what little was left of it, was frozen
in a twisted, agonized scream.
The sight of him, someone I'd worked
alongside for months, made bile rise in
my throat. I had to step over him to
keep moving. There was no other choice.
I stepped gingerely over his body,
careful not to disturb anything. But
just just as my foot touched the other
side of the landing,
I heard it.
a low guttural growl from behind me. I
whipped around just in time to see
Genko's hands twitch. His eyes, once
glassy and dead, snapped open, glowing
with a sickly red light.
Blood began to pull around him, bubbling
as if something inside him was trying to
force its way out. And before I could
react, Enko's body jerked violently. His
limbs snapped back into place with a
sickening crack, and his mouth stretched
open, revealing elongated, razor sharp
teeth. Blood dripped from his mangled
face as he let out a feral screech. His
arms reaching out for me. He He was no
longer human. I stumbled backwards,
tripping over the stairs as Genko's
twisted form lunged towards me. He moved
unnaturally like a like a puppet on
broken strings, dragging what remained
of his body across the landing. His
hands clawed at the air.
I fell down a flight of stairs, the
sword slipping from my grasp as I
crashed to the floor. My vision blurred
for a second, but the sound of Genko's
screech shook me back into reality. I
got a hold of the sword and kept moving.
He was still coming, his body crawling,
tumbling, and ripping down the stairs
after me. His limbs were broken and his
muscles were mushed. But that didn't
stop him. It didn't matter how shattered
his body was. There was something in in
his blood now that kept him moving, kept
him kept him hungry.
But it wasn't just him.
The whole stairwell seemed to be waking
up. I scrambled to my feet, slipping on
the blood that now coated my shoes.
Every step was a nightmare. I I couldn't
get a grip. Couldn't move fast enough. I
kept slipping. I fell, sliding down
another flight as Genko's screeches
echoed through the stairwell. Each one
louder and more frantic than the last. I
could I could hear them now. Others
responding to the sound. The tenants,
the entire building. It was awake,
joining the shredded bodies coating the
floor and walls of the stairwell as they
all made chase. Made chase for me.
Above me, doors slammed open. The low
growls and screeches of the tenants
filled the air, growing louder and
closer. They knew I was still here and
they were coming. I pushed myself up,
forcing my legs to move, forcing my body
to keep going. I was almost at the
bottom. just a few more steps.
I reached the main lobby, throwing
myself through the door and slamming it
shut behind me.
The door wouldn't hold them for long,
but it it bought me a few seconds.
I looked around for any way out,
[Music]
and that's when I saw her
standing between me and the front doors,
looking just as innocent as she had
before the attack.
[Music]
It was Itsumi,
the little girl.
Her skin had healed, though her clothes
were bloody and destroyed.
She smiled.
I didn't stop. I didn't think. I ran
straight for her, gripping that sword
tightly. She didn't move. She She didn't
flinch. As I barreled towards her, I ran
that dull blade through her chest, using
the momentum to push both of us forward.
The sword. It didn't do anything. She
wasn't even phased by it. But as we
crashed through the front doors, the
sunlight hit her face and she screamed.
I shoved her body to the side just as
her skin ignited, flames crawling over
her tiny frame and reducing her to ash
in seconds.
Behind me, the tenants burst from the
stairwell, screeching and hissing as
they chased after me. The sunlight hit
them, and they burst into flames, one
after another, exploding into plumes of
ash.
I kept running.
I didn't look back.
I don't know how long I ran or how far.
It wasn't until my legs gave out that I
realized I was in the middle of the
countryside, surrounded by nothing but
but open fields.
That's when I collapsed. Chest heaving,
hands shaking, covered in blood and ash.
But
but I was alive.
I never went back
to the job, the building, or
even that part of the city.
I work at a call center now. I mean, I
I hate it,
but at least now whenever I get a weird
client, I
I just hang up.
Danny's parents
told him never to go into the basement.
I was over at his place the first time
that he tried to open that thick dark
oak door. I remember we were seven at
the time, I think. Him flashing me that
cheeky, lopsided smile before standing
on his tiptoes and straining for the
handle. I remember his dad snatching him
away a second later and slamming him
back down next to me with a force that
brought tears into Dany<unk>y's eyes.
Mr. Johnson was a very big man, and
although I'd known him all my life, he
had always been a slight source of fear
for me. As I grew older, this infantile
nervousness around him subsided a
little, but he always made me wary. Mr.
Johnson knelt, gripping Danny's
shoulders. His face was red with anger,
but he also looked shaken.
I noticed he was trembling almost as
much as his son.
Listen to me, Danny. His voice cut like
a knife. You never ever open that door.
Do you understand me? Never. I've told
you before, and I'll tell you again.
Under no circumstances do you go down
there.
Then he bundled his sniveling son into a
tight hug before inviting us to come
watch cartoons.
Afterwards, I had asked Danny what was
behind the door. He told me in a
roundabout way that it was his basement.
He seemed only half interested in the
conversation, always distracted by the
tinkle of an ice cream truck or an
interesting stick. Danny's zealous
imagination could take anything
innocuous, anything every day, and turn
it into something extraordinary.
Sometimes I thought that he could
actually see the things that he dreamt
up. Danny and I had always been friends.
We were never really given a choice in
the matter. Our families neighbored each
other directly, and our parents had
known each other since college. They
just heaped the infant Danny and I
together and waited for a bond to grow.
And there was a bond. In the simplest
sense, we were best friends. We were
always together in the same class at
school, in the same scout group. We even
ducked into and out of each other's
houses like they were connected. For me,
there didn't exist a life where Danny
wasn't there to get me into trouble or
to get me out of it. Of course, we had
our differences. I was always the quiet
one. Good in school, rarely to be found
without my nose in a book. Indeed, if it
hadn't been for the influence of the
popular and gregarious Dany, I might
well have been subject to harsh teasing
throughout my education.
That was how our unspoken trade-off
played out. Dany would vouch for me
amongst our peers, seeing that I was
invited to games of tag and birthday
parties, and I would help Dany with his
schoolwork. He never had a head for sums
or science, but his weakest spot was
English. Spelling, creative writing, a
rare point of humiliation for Dany. He
can never wrap his brain around which
words fit to which meaning or which
meanings fit to which word or what the
word was for a particular meeting, etc.,
etc., etc. Looking back, he was at the
very least dyslexic and probably had
other conditions which meant he
struggled in school. I'm sorry. Let me
get to the point. Danny's parents told
him never to go into the basement.
And after the first incident, met by
harsh parental discipline,
he obeyed the command.
Whenever we were at his house, he would
stick strictly to his room or the lounge
or the garden. But over time, as it
always did,
Dany<unk>y's insatiable curiosity grew.
His 8-year-old brain feared punishment
too much to try opening that door again
without intel on what lay behind it, and
any questions directed at his parents
about the contents of the basement were
either ignored or met with rebuking. His
parents probably rightfully realized
that if Dany were going to gain the
smallest morsel of information about
that room or catch the tiniest glimpse
of what would lay inside that his wild
imagination would create the other
pieces of the puzzle, causing his
curiosity to become too much to bear.
Danny would often bring up the basement
in conversation, presenting in childish
dialect his latest speculation on what
could be in there to my appraising ear.
An alien egg, a robot clone, a baby
dragon.
For my part, I was not terribly
interested in the contents of my
neighbor's basement, as well as being
too timid to ever aid Dany in a
break-in. Danny was convinced that his
parents were hiding something in there,
and it was precisely his parents'
cinjunist in the face of his
inquisition, which strengthened his
theory. His older brother, Aaron, 15,
only laughed when Dany brought his
theories to him and called him stupid.
But then,
one day,
something changed.
That morning when Danny came galloping
from his front door to join me on our
walk to school,
there was a strange air about him. He
kept shooting me sideways looks and
suppressed smiles as if he knew a secret
and was bursting to tell. Of course,
knowing Danny, his lips did not remain
sealed.
There's a man in the basement.
The words came tumbling out of his mouth
in a pile, leaving him panting.
It caught me off guard. My rational
brain couldn't comprehend such an
offload of information.
What? What do you mean? I heard him
whispering through the floor. He heard
me and I unlocked the door. Dad was at
work. I opened the door and there were
these dark steps. I could see the man
down there. And wait, wait, Danny, you
really saw a man in your basement? Yeah.
Yeah, I heard him whispering to the
floor, whispering for help. Okay, stop
messing with me, man. No, I swear. I
double, triple swear.
Only this most sacred of oaths made me
pause in my denial of Danny's story.
For the first time,
I let the thought cross my mind.
Was it true?
I began to question him hesitantly.
Slow down. What about your dad? I told
you he was working late. Your mom? She
was home, but I couldn't just ignore it.
She'd kill you if she catches you, man.
She won't. I shut the door afterwards.
So,
he whispered through the floor. Yeah.
Okay. He must have heard me walking
around the house. It was really quiet. I
heard him whispering. I put my ear to
the floor near the molding floorboard.
You know what I mean? I could hear him.
His voice was like really scratchy like
like he had a cold or something. He he
sounded pretty cuckoo. You know, kept
repeating himself, asking for help over
and over, mumbling about being alone in
the dark or or something.
I resigned myself reluctantly
to believe
Dude, that's that's really weird. You
should tell your parents, I advised.
Well, here's the thing, Cam. Danny
whispered, voice crackling with
excitement. What if they're keeping him
in there?
No, man. That's crazy. What do you You
remember that film Aaron showed us? The
one that mom got mad at him about? There
was that guy, the the mad uh uh
scientist.
That's what I was going to say. That mad
scientist. He kept those two dudes in
his basement all chained up. He put that
kneel in them, you know, and their their
eyes exploded.
Both of us paused to screw our faces up
in disgust at the memory.
And then he came in with a knife and
they were screaming. And then mom walked
in and switched it off. But what if
that's what mom and dad are doing? You
know, keeping him down in the basement.
I took a moment to digest this.
Think about it, Kim. All the facts add
up.
This was a catchphrase Danny had learned
off TV.
Faced with Danny's, to me flawless
logic, I had no choice but to agree.
Looking back, I find it strange,
particularly on my part, but more so on
Danny's, how we were able to establish
such a mental disconnect. How we could
wholeheartedly believe that Mr. and Mrs.
Johnson were carrying out the actions of
a serial killer and yet harbor no ill
feelings towards them. In Danny's case,
love them. Our attitude toward them did
not change at all. Sometimes
we forget how simple the mind of a child
really is, how innocent, and conversely
how easy it is to shatter.
Danny filled me in further, explaining
how the man had been on all fours, the
bottom of the dark steps, and how thin
and bony he had looked. Dany seemed to
imply that at one point he had made
direct eye contact with the man, but he
appeared to grow slightly uncomfortable
at that point, quickly moving on with
his description of the events. He had
been able to go down those steps when he
heard his mom calling for him from
upstairs. Then he had exited the
basement, locked the door, and replaced
the key behind the toaster where he knew
his dad kept it.
Over the next week, Dany updated me
regularly. He'd been unable to find a
moment where it was possible to open the
door again, but he told me that at a few
quiet moments in the evening, he had
whispered through the floor to the man,
and the man had occasionally whispered
back. He was careful not to let his
parents catch these strange
conversations. Doing so would alert them
to the fact that he knew their secret.
He was always vague about the exact
contents of those talks to the floor. I
took this as a way of him guarding his
secret like a serpent guards its horde
of treasure.
But that Sunday, Dany granted me access
to the treasure trove.
Like most Sundays, I arrived at his
house early in the morning, ready for a
day of cartoons and fort building. But
as soon as Danny had closed the door to
his bedroom, he explained that he had a
new item on the agenda.
You're going to talk to him today.
I didn't have to ask who he meant.
Looking back, I'm not sure I even wanted
to take part in this eerie ritual. I'm
sure I was terrified by the idea of
whispering to an unknown man underneath
the floor. Danny led me downstairs, led
me over to the spot near the moldy
floorboard, his communication link.
He bade me kneel down, put my ear to the
floor,
and speak.
As it was, I only had to listen. No
sooner did my ear touch the floor than I
was assailed by a strange sound, almost
like a stormy wind or nails on a
blackboard. straining my hearing. I
could make out
sounds and then
words and then
sentences. My brain came to terms with
the fact that
it was all true.
There really was a man.
This man mere meters below me. I jumped
up with a start, heart suddenly racing,
sending Danny into fits of giggles. But
I wasn't laughing.
There was something altogether not right
about what was happening. My young mind
couldn't place it exactly, but it had
something to do with that awful rasping
voice.
Slowly, this time I dipped my head
again, this time paying attention to
what was being whispered to me.
Hey.
Hey,
you still there?
Help me.
Please, kid.
You got to help me. There's nothing down
here but the shadows.
Shadows all around.
Help me.
Help me. Help me. Help. Help. Help.
Help.
This frantic repetition did not come
with a rise in pitch or even a waiver in
tone or consistency. The speaker spat
the words out at a ferocious rate,
concentrating only on clarity and speed.
They whispered as someone who would
learn they must whisper regardless of
how much they want to scream.
Slowly as I listened to the repetition,
the begging for aid, I detected a rising
urgency. No, it
was it
anger?
Yeah, it was discernible now. A clear
and growing hate behind the words.
Little [__] I begging you. Please,
please, I'm [__] begging you. Come
down here and help me. What are you
doing? What are you doing? Help me. Help
me.
And then as I listened in petrified
silence, not breathing, just listening,
he began to say other things. I'm not
going to put them down here. I haven't
spent 20 years in therapy trying to burn
them from my mind to put them down here.
But just know that from what he said and
how he said it, all I could think was
that this man, this wretched thing below
me, was the most desperate person I'd
ever come into contact with.
To prostrate himself like that, to abase
himself, to make himself little better
than an animal, it
made me think that he was absolutely
terrified out of his mind.
I had heard enough. I turned my head
away from that crack in the floor and I
made my mistake.
I looked down.
It was only for a second. A second was
all it took.
I saw his eye. In the dark crack, I saw
what I first thought to be a fat
cockroach or a bulging woodlouse. Some
kind of rotunded insect bulbous and
chittering.
Then the ruptured dirty brown
shell-like eyelid opened.
Time slowed down.
The red tinted pupil frantically
flitting, resting on me.
The eye was milky white with collections
of dank yellow goop collecting in the
corners, veins bulging across its
surface, giving the impression that it
was just about to burst.
I couldn't look away. I felt like that
blighted eye was staring straight into
my soul like a madman, a wild thing. I
fell back, let out a cry of fear. I
pushed past Danny, running for the front
door, tears streaming down my cheeks. I
didn't stop until I was under the covers
of my own bed, croaking sobs echoing
into my pillow.
I wouldn't tell my parents what was
wrong.
Looking back, I wish I had.
After a while, guilt and boredom
conquered my fear, and I returned to
Danny's house.
He let me in sheepishly, treading on
eggshells around me, unsure of what had
caused my reaction.
I found my outburst to be humiliating
and resolved myself to pretend nothing
had happened. Yet, I still refused to
look over at that door or the spot on
the floor where that voice had whispered
to me.
That evening, shortly before I returned
to my own home for supper, Danny and I
sat on his bed talking.
"What are you going to do?" I asked him.
What do you mean?
I mean, what are you going to do about
him?
A brief moment of hesitation,
remembering that horrible eye emerging
from the dark.
Well, I'm I'm
gee, man. I don't know. What do you
mean?
You really going to let your parents
just keep him down there? He doesn't
sound like he's having fun.
You're right. Danny's eyes gleamed.
I I should rescue him. No, no, Danny. I
meant like tell Mrs. Carter or somebody.
But Danny was far away.
Imagining himself playing the part of
the hero. Crowds thanking him, the
president meeting him, all the chocolate
he could eat.
I realized for Laurenly that he would
not be persuaded. I'm going to get him
out.
I I don't think that's such a good idea.
What about your parents? Danny, if they
catch you, they won't catch me. I'm
quick and I've opened the door before,
remember? Besides,
Danny attempted a macho persona. What
are they going to do? Ground me? No
cartoons for a week? He scoffed.
Where before punishment had been enough
of a threat to deter him, it was now
useless.
Danny had too much to gain. No, Danny.
I attempted to put into words a concept
my young mind could not fully realize.
Something unpleasant.
A darkness hatching at the back of my
brain. Something beyond being grounded.
Something beyond the simplistic idea
that a parent loves you no matter what.
I also think that
I didn't believe in my heart of hearts
that Mr. and Mrs. Johnson were truly
capable of holding someone in their
basement against his will. Yeah, they
were truly capable of hurting Danny.
My warning came out is vague and feeble.
I think that if they catch you,
they're going to do something
really bad.
But Danny wasn't listening.
He explained to me how that night after
his parents had gone to bed, he would
sneak downstairs, grab the key from its
hiding place behind the toaster, unlock
the door, go down those dark, dark
steps, and bring the man in his basement
into the light.
He said that he would be careful and if
he heard his parents coming, he would
just lock the door
and hide.
As I left that evening, he told me that
he would tell me all about his excade
the next morning.
Looking back, I marvel at how we could
have possibly thought our daily routine
would just
be the same.
That night, I was racked with fear.
Not the same fear that I had felt after
seeing that eye. That was short and
sharp, painful, like an electric shock.
This fear was far worse.
It was slow
and creeping, slithering around in the
pit of my stomach, strangling me. I
didn't touch my food. I was sent to bed
early. My parents thought I was ill.
Danny's parents
told him to never go into the basement.
And the next day,
Danny was gone.
I waited for some time on the sidewalk
outside of his house, praying to see
that cheeky, lopsided grin, but he never
came.
Eventually, Mrs. Johnson saw me through
the front window and came out. "Is Danny
sick?" I asked.
"I already knew though what was coming."
"No,
we thought he'd gone to yours."
A look of fear spread over Mrs.
Johnson's face,
and the nightmare began.
Over the next three months, I got
accustomed to seeing the flashing lights
of police cars and seeing cops coming
and going to the Johnson home. At first,
the Johnson's were panicked. There was
no sign of a break-in. The front door
was still locked, and the neighborhood
was so friendly. Everyone knew each
other. There was absolutely nothing,
which could explain Danny's
disappearance. I remember after the
first week, adults began talking in hush
tones around me.
That must have been when they made the
development in the case.
On the third day, the story made it onto
the local news. The Johnson's were
interviewed outside their home. In the
short time their initial panic had faded
to anguish and despair,
at least from the outside.
Only I knew the truth. Dany had been
caught. His parents had done something
horrible to him. If I had been afraid of
Mr. Johnson before,
I couldn't be in the same room with him
now.
I tried to tell anyone who would listen
of my secret insight, but nobody would
pay it any notice. Indeed, I was scolded
by my parents for being insensitive and
inappropriate.
Over the years, I stopped trying to
convince people. My pain just became a
numb Dannyshaped hole. But
I never forgot.
When I was older, probably around 13, my
mother decided it was time for me to
know the truth of the case.
What they had found at the end of the
first week.
She explained that Danny's house didn't
have a basement.
Behind that thick, dark oak door, there
was an old, unused supply closet.
His parents told Dany to never ever go
in there because they stored bleach and
other harmful chemicals inside.
Danny had never been told it was a
basement. That was pure speculation
become fact, a product of his troubles
with words and his overactive
imagination.
Inside that closet, behind the mops and
boxes of clutter, the police found a
hole.
The bricks and planks of one corner
ripped away. And in that hole, there was
a dark,
dark flight of stairs formed from rubble
and broken stones.
The dark, dark steps led down into the
large sewage tunnel directly beneath the
Johnson's house.
And in the sewage tunnel,
they found many things.
A used mattress,
a kitchen knife,
and the opening that had been made in
the top of the tunnel, a chair, which
had been used to reach the floorboards
of Danny's living room to whisper
through.
There was writing on the wall,
scribblings about shadows and being
alone in the dark.
Danny hadn't been caught.
Unfortunately for him, he had made it
down there. The police searched the
local sewage network and its reservoirs.
Nothing.
But eventually, they found the last clue
they would ever find.
several miles away
in an old decrepit storm drain.
Danny's watch,
half submerged in the mud and slime and
a single bloody handprint made by a
small hand against the wall of the
drain,
elongated
along its length where someone had
fought desperately to not be dragged
away.
I was wrong.
The voice I heard under the floor that
day wasn't the voice of a man filled
with terror.
It was the voice of a man who was
utterly
deranged.
Hey there kids, it's me, Mr. creepy
pasta and I just wanted to tell you
thank you so much for watching tonight's
video or for listening to tonight's
episode of the podcast. Once again, my
book is available on Amazon. It is the
creepy pasta collections volume one and
volume two. They're always available if
you guys want to check those out. Some
of my favorite authors that I've worked
with over my career are published in
this book. I've curated all of it as
well as written forward. I hope you guys
enjoy it. Check it out. It's in the link
in the description down below if you
ever want to find out more. And as
always, I want to give a very big thank
you to everybody who supports me over at
Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppypepa.
I cannot thank you guys enough. Thank
you guys so much for being supporters.
That goes for everybody who was down in
the description as well as acid system.
Ball arms the rat, Blake Rattler,
Brandon Mendoza, Rena Crow, Brimstone,
Pandemonium, Caluna, Chain Smoker
Dealer, Chicago Hitman, Cory Genchin,
Croat 508, Crusader Choco, Curse Pox,
Primark, Dakota Best, Dop Pollson, Dante
Concade, Dina Krauss, Ellie Hutmire,
Enchanted Buns, Estamine, Jenna Holly,
Hades Nephew, Kimbo Jerry, Hour Minute
Seconds Time, Jay Kees, Jennis Pet,
Jordan Humble, King Crab, Mr. Marcus
Blitz, Old Penguin, Peaceful Buddha,
Psychomel, Red Shadow Cat, Remember the
Sun, Rinku Star, Salty Surprise, Samine,
Secclude, Simba's Bloody Mojo, Sky
Harbor, Smiley Psychotic, Sully Man, Ty
Sue, The Chavez Brothers. Thank you guys
so much for being here. Thank you for
listening. Thank you for watching. And
sweet dreams.